Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 9
And last night  the purple hyacinth reappeared!
Is this really the "protection" our city deserves?! he'$ right! they' re useless! outrageous! what do we pay them for?
In one single night the purple hy acinth took two victims right across the street from each other- ~and still they couldnt catch him!
Two valued and respected citizens! who will it be next? your wives? your children? the phantom scythe has dominated our city for the past decadei
It's only a matter of time before they att ack the royal family and destroy everything king philip built! the police are supposed to protect you- ~but they're just parading like peacocks in the streets! they could be arresting the culprits responsible for these atrocities- pombue
Instead this purple hyacinth monster is still running freei
They've been chasing the leader one man for a decade and they dont have even a single clue who he isi
How can we trust them?! for shamei for all we know , some of them might be working for the phantom scythei
Arent you tired of being afraid to leave your homes?
Of wondering if your neighbor will be the next victim? all i have to do is shout tell the others i recognize him from last night_ this killing machine could be anywhere_ creeping up behind your back to slit
Your throat! how man more deaths before this bloody abomination is arrested?
I dare you.
This might be our only chance at catching him_ h he could be anwherei
Anonei disguised as one of us innocent citizensi she's right _ everyone is suspect! youl i saw you leaving your house last night around one in the morning! where were you going _ huh?! what? are you seriously insinuating i could be the purple hyacinth?! have you lost your mind?!
We always knew you were dirty !
Why dont you fess up?
Sh*t-! where is he?!
Let me g0_ you b*stard! wny _
No-! that b*stardi he cant slip away that easily!
Pvblze runble
Sh*t!
Come on _ teami movei
Aod
Epad
No-! ack!
You! "ll- get off me, b*stard!
Vgh - wby4
Step
Wha-?
J
Ladies _ gentlemen , pleasei i see that you are worried _ and i underst and your dissatisfaction .
Chief tristan sinclair head of ardhalis police department
Uncle?!
As you said, sir, this criminal organization has been allowed to run free for too long. i promise you, you are not the only ones feeling frustrated!
Each one of us here has a family to protect! all of us officer and civilian want to purge this evil that has tarnished our city! and as chief of police, i personally assure you- we prize your well-being and your safety above all else!
The chief? maybe hes right .
Uncle has always had a way with words.
Always there to save the day. and yet here we are, talking about ending the phantom scythe-
~while its bloodiest assassin stands among us enjoying the show_ this morning_ the king's right hand , sir rhysmel, came to speak with me to establish a plan of action: steps will be taken, and we will release our plans to the public as soon as possible! but , fellow citizens, if we truly want to rid ourselves of the phantom scythe, we must unite our forces and not give way to such discord between us!
He's right! none of us here is part of that filthy organization.
We must not stoop to their level! wait how dib he know-?! no he couidnt havei that would mean_ yes and we must all stand togetheri otherwise, we are no better than those worthless criminals! remember _ we are here to protect you and we are listening! make sure to report any information you think could be useful to the police_ now , please disperse and go about your business thank you.
Of course, i'm at your service , sir. thank you. "6
That mani
He's a phantom scythe memberi
U siri
Thank you so much, sir! you just defused a riot . we're the only patrol unit on scene, i don't know what - it's my job, lieutenant hawkes_ we're here maintain peace, we should never answer with violence unless absolutely unavoidable_ but you said your unit was here! have you seen my niece? to
Unclei that mani we can't let him go, we must interrogate him lauren! how lovely to see you.
Why do you say that? becalse we've just been fooled in the most humiliating way possible_
He almost started a riot_ you can't let him off the hook that easily! the trust the people have in us is getting more fragile each day we must show them that we are on their side. arresting someone like him right now would be like throwing oil on the fire.
I am afraid that lieutenant hawkes is right .
Uncle, i'm aware that it's a delicate sithation, but what if this speech was a distraction? to draw attention from something else: l-like involvement with the phantom scythe? hahahai we can't arrest people without due cause, you know that! we could keep him in a 48-holr hold , but that would just anger the people more than anything else.
He lied earlier, i know it . he's-
Lauren, i know you must be right but now is not the time and you know better than anyone that to open an investigation we must have solid proof your hunches can't overrule the law.
Remember? i understand. you're right _
I'm very sorry _ lauren: i do believe in you.
L but all we can do is keep an eye out for him in case of future disturbances. please excuse me, i have meeting to attend_ see you tonight , lauren! have a good day, officers!
Have a good day , siri see you tonight , uncle.
All those years i spent refining my analytical skills- ~just to prove my hunches" to others
Working and working to make detective and join the investigation unit so that i could finally put my ability to use and make a difference.
Blt all of that _ for what?
For everything to be completely undone by a single mistake? right now , my ability is useless. i knew there were two flagrant criminals in this crowd but i couldn't do anything about it _ they're right _ the police are powerless_ the phantom scythe's members walk the city freely knowing we're too scared to arrest them no matter how fiercely we fight they're always one step ahead.
We are ridiculous_ the purple hyacinth_ he belongs behind bars, and that's exactly where i should send him:
Blt last night he was honest with me
And the scary thing is, he might be right
He might be my only chance of finding the leader: eef . tick
And if nothing else-
I owe it to him to try
Clalk
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist
