Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 10
Well, well, well what do we have here? seems like someone changed her mind about my proposal!
The good little cop decided to make a deal with the devil. you were so hellbent against it what changed? you're the purple hyacinth, aren't you? the most dreaded criminal of the city .
You forgot to mention that during our chat last night  i figured it would be obvious after you saw the crime scene_ and yet you still thought i'd be crazy enough to make a deal with the purple hyacinth? well not crazy , just extremely desperate - ~which you definitely ade i am not desperatei click
No, you've just been stuck spinning your wheels in a dead-end investigation for years. that's exactly what the phantom scythe is spending its time and resources you know: making sure that the apd never gets past those dead-ends_ look, i came here tonight because: i know you've been honest with me_ i don't understand why , or how it's possible, but you and i seem to have the same goal_ on,
Actually_ there's a lot i don't understand about you. i've got my mysterious killer reputation to uphold. it would've been a waste if i revealed everything about myself on the first night . why didn't you kill me?
My _ my _ did you hit your head that hard? i already told you i need a pet_ someone in the police department to help me put my plans in motion_ but why me? why would you trust me? you know nothing about me_ true but you're straight-laced enough to put weight in your word and crooked enough to take mine at face value and i do know you and i share the same_ vengeful desires_
Plus, you seem to have a knack for guessing when someone is lying it makes you useful.
But i saw your face_ how could you be so certain i wouldn't bring the whole police squad here tonight? darling , you're not the only one to have seen it . relear
I waltz around in broad daylight with this face- ~and yet miracllously no one runs away screaming
As if i'd have any interest in killing people at random: but still, why trust me?
Someone as obsessed with the truth as you are wouldn't walk away from a chance like this_ if you turned me in, you wouldn't get anything out of me, and you know it_ help me and we both get what we want what exactly are you? you're the leader's favorite puppet, you obey his every word_ aw, please, that's insulting! im his best assassin, not his puppet_ yet you want to kill him? it doesn't make any sense!
A handsome paradox, am i not? seriously , why? why follow him at all if you want to stop him so bad?
You know; officer - ~it's not all rainbows and unicorns in the phantom scythe_ it's like organization- ~no one agrees on anything _ there's healthy amount of back-stabbing _ but so far, none of it has touched the top. the leader might not be venerated by everyone , but he's certainly feared by all_ his pawns are everywhere_ no one knows who he is but killing for him, doing his dirty work and being the best at it. that's the only way to get closer to him: the only way to stop him: stop . any
It still doesn't explain why you want to_ and this question shall go unanswered, i'm afraid .
My motives are not relevant and i don't care about yours. suffice to say _ i have as many reasons as you do to want him gone: i only care about making that happen, and i need you to do it .
Do you accept this deal or not? suppose i do, what are the conditions? what do you expect from me?
Oh, you know , i like to keep things simple. there'd only be two rules.
First , no with-holding information. anything you know, i know, and vice versa. same goes for new discoveries, or else we'll end up dead. second , no personal questions_ liaka
To keep rlle one from getting too out of hand . that's it? short and sweet _ oh! almost forgot_ third rule! no "accident ally" killing each other_ how does that solnd, officer? not good enough: i have my own conditions as well_ go on?
I don't want to be mixed up in any of your shady and illegal phantom scythe business. investigation related only , or count me out. 1
So the good cop wants to stay a good cop- ~even after teaming up with the purple hyacinth himself?
Sure, no problem:
As for you, i don't want you in my life outside of this. i don't want people i care about involved, ever. what we do together stays between us. understood? o-oh! officer! how scandalous!
But sure - that is not - listen, if i get one inkling that you're trying to hide things from me- ~or if anyone close to me so much as sneezes becalse of you.
I will not hesitate to put a bullet right through your skull and - yeah, yeah, i know. it's always headshots with you. your threats begin to lack creativity , officer. you really do have an obsession with murder, don't you?
( but it's okay_ i forgive you: we all have our weak points. how can i be sure you won't betray me ?
Endless, endless questions_
Look_ you and are going to be partners crime, we'll have to trust each other: you go down, go down too and so on and so forth: it's been like that from the moment you let me walk away it's going to be game of faith for both of us! we're on equal footing - ~if things get nasty,you have your guns and have my sword the only question that remains is: do we have deal? yes_ fantastic, welcome to the teami nice to meet you, officer
My name is kieran white
Lauren sinclair . it's been a pleasure, lauren .
Sung
Slice
What's wrong? come on your turn: eww_ no_ you've murdered dozens of people with this sword.
What kind of barbarian do you think i am?! i clean it nightly . the blade would rust otherwise, and that would be extremely regrettable:
Sgh
We have a deal-
So it begins 
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist
