Purple hyacinth
Episode 12
Stay focused! if you can't finish telling me what you know-
~then i can't tell you about my lead . i lost focus, i'm sorry_
Try not to fall asleep when you're sparring an assassin, next time: thank you for that insightful advice - ~but you should worry about yourself instead fwoush
Tstss! not so easy. bllk
Pdp
Slm that was pretty good_ officer:
Thanks, knocking you down is like a stress-reliever for me. anyway to continue! it was already known that a group of rebels was forming _ but there was a rumor they'd try to bomb the castle, not the train station-
~so the police were reinforcing security at the wrong place.
By announcing themselves in clear opposition to the monarchy _ the phantom scythe sent a very strong message. they would consolidate power in the dark until the day they could overthrow the crown and the class hierarchy it relies on.
Alright , get up_
Heart-warming calse, isn't it?
At least, that's the "official version" considering the leader's a mystery _ no one knows his real goal. justice , revenge, "making a better world" lured the desperate in:
Money and power kept them, and attracted the more corrupt . and i bet you joined because killing is your guilty pleasure?
Oh. if we start talking about guilty pleasures, this conversation is going to get long_
Don't worry though, officer! you're not one of them:
How could anyone believe that blowing up train station and killing hundreds of innocent people- could possibly be the start of a better world? sqki
Tluo$y
I think half their members don't really care, and the other half. believe it was necessary_
Oh, you're dead by the way . what the- how did you do that?!
Gonna have to hit the department gym more often if you want to survive our little partnership _ officer: thvmp
What do you know about the leader? i've been investigating him for years, and i'm as stumped as you: but i do know he carefully plans the deaths he orders.
There's a very specific reason behind each person i'm sent to kill. generally _ they're either close to or supportive of the royal family . or they're trying to betray the phantom scythe. okay, let's assume the apostles are the closest to the leader .
Our best shot at finding him would be to tackle them first . if anyone knows his identity, it should be one of the four surviving originals. pidk
Yep , except that the apostles' identities are also unknown.
Seriously? c how do you guys even function? ! the apostles are far more traceable than the leader, though.
Each of them has a_ "territory" or a specific type of operations they're in charge of. i see. so in order to find the head of the operation, we need to start with the people at the bottom
We already have a lead _ actually .
7s4] you do this again and i'll kill you. i know there's an illegal weapons import ring running right now_ with ties to the phantom scythe it's directed by apostle vii_ one of the original thirteen thuidq
Among the people potentially involved , ive identified gregory mctrevor- ~who's been previously accused of illegal arms trading . i've been watching him for some time now -
~and i'm honestly surprised leader hasn't asked me to finish him yet_ yes, i've heard of him: he was arrested a couple of times in our precinct , i actually brought him in once. he lawyered up and wormed out of the charges by claiming lack of evidence.
He's not the most subtle man ever. mctrevor thinks of himself as invincible, but he leaves tracks.
So he's going to be our first target.
I propose we pay him a little visit and learn more about this operation: we just have to make sure that he can't report us later i can't believe i'm about to say this. but why don't you just kill him after we're done with him?
I mean, you're the most fearsome assassin in the city . :
I kill only when i'm ordered to. or if it's the only solution:
We'll find a different way to neutralize mctrevor.
I might have a plan , then .
Let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
