Purple hyacinth
Episode 13
Ardhalis police department vi
Lauren?
Aaahhi
Kym_ can you please stop creeping up on me ? i swear i'm going to accidentally stab you if you keep doing this_ sla"
My dear lauren, your pretty golden eyes look pensive tod stop! what did you do last night instead of sleeping? what?
You look like someone propped a corpse up at your desk and slapped wig on it . roasted italian pizza  cooper sqq which is typical of you: but seriously _ what were you up to? s{/ supi
I just had a lot on my mind , there's nothing to worry about , kym: i swear!
Ugh
You too?! what happened to you, william? did you both decide to astral project yourselves into hell without inviting me? why do i feel like i missed out on something? i had a lot on my mind too_
Drama queens_ slukr
Captain hermann , this is for you, sir:
Clackl
Wait-! who gave you this enelope? i don't know, captain. it was just on my trolley this morning (alk
60 k on
Whose work is this?
Im not in the mood for pranksi who sent this? it has to be someone from the office _ no one else has access to the archivist's trolley . ive asked the people from the investigation unit and no ones claimed it _
Wellz doesn't look like it was any of us, either. maybe it's someone from last night's shift? what is it , anyways?
It's a file. a file on gregory mctrevor
Isn't that the merchant the investigation unit keeps trying to pin down?
Yes, exactly_ and apparently - ~this file is the missing piece wed need to lock him up for good what?! my guys spent months trying to get dirt on him with no luck_
If the evidence here is proven true, then this was one hell of a job.
Aren't there any clues in the file? a signature , a piece of handwriting?
Nothing . everything is typed, even the cutesy little cover letter_ i want this file analyzed by our best specialists, verify every single claim: it may look convincing , but i don't trust this.
What does the letter say?
"good day , officersi" good day , officers! in this folder, you will find everything you need 1o send gregory mctrevor nis final incarceration.
In this folder, you will find everything you need-"
Good day , officers this folder, you will find everything you need to send gregory mctrevor to his final incarceration.
~to send gregory mctrevor to his final incarceration:
