Purple hyacinth
Episode 14
66 inside this folder; 66 you will find everything you need to send gregory mctrevor to his final incarceration?
6( each of his crimes, the names of his collaborators, proof of payments, all in order
66 instructions have been provided on how to trace any evidence that couldn't fit inside this envelope?
66 you have the day to verify everything here is in accordance with what is already known of
Mr mctrevor?
"as for his arrest, you will find him in his home at 23 palmore street;
"on november 15, at precisely 11:11pm?
6( not a minute more, not one less? 6( it is imperative that the contents of this envelope remain under the seal of secrecy until that time?
(the phantom scythe has eyes and ears everywhere?
"if its contents are revealed or leaked. the whole operation could be compromised :'
"and you lose your only chance to stop gregory mctrevor.
Apparently_ the writer holds his own theatrics in very high esteem hilarious and pretentious from what i've seen in the file, this is the work of a professional it has to be someone with precise knowledge of our investigations on mctrevor_ pffsh covqb
Is it signed?
Yes. he calls himself .
Ac precrsery ii:iiei toc "lune." er the seal of secrecy until r leaked outside, the whole e to stop gregory mctrevor -lune
X vi
Good job on the patrol today! we've combed over the entire file, captain. everything is correct .
Honestly , i've never seen anything like this. no one at the station did this, i guarantee you. what if it's a trap , laid out by someone from the phantom scythe?
Or working closely with its members? officer sinclair is right . i will not let this "lune" criminal dictate the actions of the ardhalis police department . 1 there is no legal way he could've compiled this!
Captain, i've been working mctrevor's case for five years. everyone knows he's a crook with probable ties to the phantom scythe: his wealth protects him, but this time there's not enough gold in the world to bail him out . it might be a trap , but we're the apd. we know he's guilty of everything he's been accused of , and we have everything we need arrest him tonight .
It's our responsibility to follow up on this. then we arrest him_ now _ no, i want to wait for the time lune specified_
You want to follow his instructions? why?!
He was right about everything else: there must be reason for the deadline! wolldn't it be wiser to respect it? and maybe, if lune's there , we can catch him in the act too you-? fine it's your time to waste: march , you're in charge of this. gather your team: stops this exceptional incident shall remain strictly confidential until the case is solved- until mctrevor is either behind bars or back home in his bed' and
Am i clear?
Yes, siri
And march- ~that envelope didn't just fly onto the mail trolley . someone must have put it there, and i want that person found .
4 f x x 9 m&
Creak ~
Cwal
7wnb
Good evening , sir_
