Please turn on your sound
A- hmph-
Purple hyacinth
Episode 15
Tut-tut-tut! sicp
Now , now that's not very polite of you, kicking a lady in the face!
I thought you had better manners, mr. mctrevor.
That's literally the first thing you did to me:
I'm going to remove my hand now. don't scream:
What the hell do you want from me?! money?! just name a price, and we can resolve this peacefully!
We won't have anything to do with your dirty money. then why am i tied to a chair?! like you said_ this doesn't need to get nasty. we only want your cooperation answering a few qlestions
What do you mean? who are you?!
Hey ! hey! listen to me- what do you want?!
Dont hurt him: pvil
Or what? how do you plan on getting anything out of him? if you touch him: ill do to you exactly the same things you do to him:
And i'll do it gladly. tch. cops and their stupid rules.
Mctrevori we've recently taken an interest in your illicit extracurriculars with those charming phantom scythe fellows.
What? i would never!
Money laundering , conspiracy to murder, treason- ~organizing prostitution rings, illegal weapons trafficking , tax evasion- i don't know what you're talking about
Oh, come on! at least try something less cliche! i am a powerful man: the police can't touch me, what makes you think you can? leave while you still have the chance -
We never stopped watching you. even if you wormed your way out of sentencing in the past , this time, your money and yolr lawyers can't save you: correct!
So let's skip the death threats, they're always boring _ i've already had enough of them from that one over there.
I want you to tell me more about your current operation: illegal trafficking , right? you're smuggling weapons into ardhalis_ surely for some more sinister purpose:
And if i tell you i don't know anything about it , what will you do?
Me
Let's play a game, shall we?
Every time you lie, i poke you with this perfectly sharp knife. 5
Whoever laughs first wins!
If he dares
You think you can scare me with a knife? do you know how many interrogations i've been through? if torture really worked_ i wouldn't be here today we already know about your involvement in this operation, there's no use denying it_ cooperate and perhaps we'll let you and the people you care about live while longer. you have nothing on me_ i live alone i'm not married - ~i have no children! you can't blackmail me, there's nothing i care about but myself
What about your eyes? would be a shame if i accidentally poked one out of its socket. lemme do my job_
I really enjoy this part .
What a lonely pathetic little scumbag you are! you've been working under the seventh apostle's orders, right? no, who's that? hnnng- poke'
Whoops, my hand slipped! what are you in charge of?
I dont knowi
Looks like someone wants the knife again . ah,
7iedw
Ah.
Hahahai
Sht _ okay! stop! you seem like you did your research, so you must know i'm a merchant and an accountant . i only manage transactions for him: legal ones, of course: of course: with whose help? i've been a merchant in this city for the past thirty years_ i don't need anybody else's help . how have you been receiving the apostle's orders?
Through letters, every time_ each one was to be blrnt immediately after reading.
Ah , i see
And the weapons, what are they for? if you know the phantom scythe, you must know that no one tells anyone everything . nobody holds all the pieces of the puzzle except the apostles and the leader himself .
I do the accounting , i have no idea what the hell those guns are for:
The phantom scythe keeps promising changes, but we haven't done anything major in years. i'd bet those weapons are probably headed right back out of the country - ~as part of some stupid fund-raising campaign to finance an apostle's new mansion:
So much for equality right?
Right 
Gigh
Gpap
Alright , recess is over now, children. v let me do my job.
Oh, great , what's next? more books thrown at my head? i already told you everything i know 
I'm sure you've gone through a lot of interrogations , mctrevor - ~but you never had one with me_ slam!
Now _ shall we begin?
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist
