Please turn on your sound
Aaaah, who else is craving watermelon? this woman is so random:
Purple hyacinth
Episode 18
Where is my sweet handsome butler? i am lost without himi
What am ito do? what if something terrible happened to him?
Good evening , my lady _ can we help y-? waaahhhi help meeei i am so desperatei i dont know what to doooooo!
Y-yes of course, my lady , we will help you. what is the matter ? are you looking for someone?
O t+ dear lord.
Um. what? oh, please excuse me, sir!
I was just dazzled by your gorgeous face.
Haha haha-! choke -
But it's not nearly as handsome as my dear mr. butler's. ooohh , mr. butleri how i miss himi
Wherever could he be?
Hahahahai i cant - since you seem to find the situation so funn  ladell- ~youll be in charge of this case and an related paperwork _ at your orders my not nearly as handsome lieutenant what happened to your butler_ my lady?
It all began a couple of nights ago! some athletic vagrants were running all over my roof in the middle the night! i was very scared, but my sweet , handsome , courageous butler reassured me_ but now) he- ~he has vanissshed! what if it was the purple hyacinth stomping on my ceiling? or this "lune" they talk about?! that's two people_ right? it sounded like two peoplei @hale one of them seemed much lighter than the other_ maybe it was even a woman!
What if the purple hyacinth has a partner?!
A-aahhh, or maybe one of the two men is just very skinny _ what if those uncouth monsters kidnapped my dapper _ shiny mr. butler ? when was the last time you saw him? 0 soribbl e
We were walking to a reception, and when we turned the corner, he_ he d-disappeareeeedi it's been almost ten minutes already! @raw =
I promise, we're taking this case very seriously , my lady . my despair is bottomless! i need to be at the reception by 7 0'clock! what time is it now?! slnpi
Ladell, don't you always have that pocket watch with you? 25 what's the 5 time? l= oh_ i forgot it today 1 3 70313-
Kinda woke up in a rush this morning , haha! but don't worry! i've got this!
Almost 
That's kym for you. ladell, what on earth are you doing?! entreating the heavens? rock-climbing on air? imitating a raccoon?!
Shut up! im trying to calculate the time with the position of the suni
Ive got to concetratei
Who the h-? guys _ lady arthinghami
My beautiful handsome but leri i thought id lost you foreveri my lady! my butler!
My lady .
My soles were weeping at the thought of never being rubbed with brussel sprouts scented cream again! i will never abandon your feet , my graceful lady!
Looks like it's case closed! so. still up for watermelons? suapl su
Aye! let's go! this calls for celebration!
Oh my god _ not watermelons again . come on; don't be a killjoy  will_
Wait , kym, let me guess the side pocket on the right , huh? you mean my watch? that's not fair, i'm not going to play this game with you.
Even if i lied, you'd know. hurry up_ grandpa, or we'll leave you behind.
Vti =
Tunp
Srck _
Bang brn (
Pa)ng bang lan6
Pang
Su _
Bang
Fovembe ath, xx
Bang
Prn (
31.24.48
Nng
Ha _.h-
Tch
Time never turns back, does it?
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
