Purple hyacinth
Episode 19
M endamleti trac station
Tr of tr we need to act quickly before the other buffoons hear about mctrevor and realize they're next _ the detectives still don't suspect you? lllendale trag station eeere
No_ i took all the necessary precaltions.
You know) it's never too late to change vocations. you'd make a hell of a good criminal if you wanted.
Coming from the greatest assassin in the city - ~i'm not sure if i should be flattered or scared.
Is that praise, perchance ? my , my _ officer, my heart is all aflutter.
I'd be happy to stop it for you. so, with all the evidence you gathered and the papers from mctrevor, i think we have everything we need on harry anslow. i'm also looking into ryan flemmings .
He's been traveling outside of ardhalis for while - ~but he works at the bank and has a side-gig altering and erasing traces of illegal transactions. pin
Ttor ha including the ones from mctrevor's fake company _
The front for the weapons operation:
So what's the plan this time? i've been following anslow the past few days.
He'll be at the golden clover tomorrow night at iopm, per his routine: i'll search his house before meeting you there. hermann is stubborn and convinced he knows best.
He'l be sure to get there ahead of time and ambush us if we try to tell him when and where to arrest someone again.
His arrogance is our best weapon. he thinks we're be stupid enough to use the exact same strategy twice?
Perfect _ we'll send them to the wrong address_
Il leave second letter there with the actual instructions on where to arrest anslow. their little detour will give us plenty of time to kidnap and question him:
Kidnap him??
Oh, come on, officer! you were okay with tying mctrevor up , why's it different when it's not in his house?
1 it's not like we're going to dismember him probably . we just need a nice, quiet place
~where you can use your psychic powers to scare the devil out of him:
Sorry _ but you'll be the one asking the questions this time: if we're supposed to pass for two men, i can't talk. my voice will give me away. i'l make you a sign whenever he lies. i wonder, how exactly do you tell when someone lies? chik cha 1
At first_ i thought you had a particularly useful talent but this is more like some eerie paranormal inhuman accuracy _
Who taught you?
S r t  d fi teezes
Nobody i've always had this ability  but how does it work, officer lie-detector? tens tigh 
Ka i just know that's all_ (hik (hlk chii chr
Don't be so shy_ darling your explanation is eagerly awaited.
I can't explain it but it works and it's never failed me_ let's finish up this file and get out of here 7p your cave is cold and wet and it stinks_ excuse you?! 1
Ster
Good evening _ officer. ready for our date?
Did you find anything at anslow's?
Not much, unfortunately_ he's not as stupid as mctrevor_ he knows better than to hide traces of the operation in his office let's hurry then: we won't have a lot of time before the police get here thvd
Hold on_ officer.
Are you trying to scare all the bourgeois here out of their overpriced drinks and mingling? the theme of the night is rich merchants with inflated egos- ~not stern-looking alleyway assassins.
You are perfectly correct . i almost forgot.
Oh?
I see you came in style: might not be very practical if things get heated in there, though:
Don't worry _ i brought some friends to help me out .
Let's go) shall we?
Chucle"
Wonderful. have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
(
I sure hope he is a fine dancer.
Let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
