Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 25
No n od
~gks thuhpl
Surrender and we'll resolve this calmly , ma'am:
An entire squad of police officers saw you do that -
~there's no use trying to run. you have the right to remain silent -
~anything you will say can and will be held against you in court.
Nodl nod
You have the right to an attorney . thvp skrs
If you cannot afford one 7ov
Mkhri
Grhb -
@l
One will be provided for you in the interrogation room:
William hawkes, lauren sinclair , impressive team work .
You both have passed your last physical aptitudes test .
Yud ve mei all 1ne requirements to enter the intensive training program_ you have refined taste in jewelry! but your shoplifting skills lack that level of elegance. lieutenant hawkes speaking _
We are at the intersection of delph street and saint isidore street. skzke
The suspect is in custody . please send a- it's for my motheri please, i know what i did is wrong - but she's ill and i need the money to pay for her treatment !
Lieutenant hawkes? shale
Yes, sorry. please bring a car. thank you:
Even if it's for a noble cause, stealing is still illegal. you didn't hurt anyone, so you might be able to get away with just a fine. you're of more use to your mother if you're not behind bars -
~so maybe next time you should think twice before robbing a jewelry store in broad daylight _
911 fovce
Edi
Let's hurry before kym takes over the entire city.
In step _ limp meatbagsi
Or before she starts hunting down watermelons instead of directing the patrol.
Hahaha haha!
Hey will, i know you don't like to talk about your problems , but  something's been bothering you lately , right? i had a lot on my mind _ too_
Is there anything i can do to help?
Thanks, lauren. well, i won't lie and say nothing is wrong but.
You know i'll be fine:
So don't worry _ i'l handle it. those words_
That smile he never lies but _
Is it your mother?
Lamong other things, yes.
Sorry, i-
Pat;
I know  it's okay
I know_ if you don't want to talk about it _ i understand. you don't have to_
You know what? we should hang out, one of these days.
It'll take your mind off of things, at least
That's a great idea: i'm sure a little distraction wouldn't hurt you either_ you recidivist workaholic
I'm afraid we'll have to go in disguise - ~or the women of the precinct will try to burn me at the stake:
Hahahaha! then i'd fear for them and not for you.
Alright , let's go_
When will you finally let down yolr walls, will?
You've held them up for so long
Ill
Handle
It you need to break them:
Before they break you.
Islata! grmb v
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
