Please turn on your sound
Kieran: about earlier , is i just-
Thank you.
What?
Thank you: i owe you my life. inhale
And since you owe me your life. does that mean i can take you on as my personal servant until you repay your debt?
Haha. slapa
Wnncl
Nice try_ subordinate!
Purple hyacinth
Episode 28
When people lie_ skyk
Can hear a change of pitch in their voice_ just like how most people can distinguish sarcasm- ~i get to hear it even in the subtlest of lies_ but   catching the lie doesn't tell me the truth behind it_ some lies conceal too many possibilities and i can only hear it if someone says something they don't actually believe_ if they truly believe something that's objectively false it'll sound true to me: interesting _ fascinating actually _ and you've always had this ability? for as long as i can remember_ yes why revee that me now?
Why did you save me?
Well, if you died  i'd be back to square one, wouldn't i? i need our partnership for my little vendetta as much as you do for yours.
Indeed. you'd do a terrible job interrogating criminals without my help .
Ol_ you wouldn't even know who to question in the first place without me.
I know we have a rule, but i wonder, why do you valle not killing without orders so much? considering .
The reputation" you have.
When you lead a life such as mine you need to abide by strong rules and never let g0 of them: otherwise, you'll lose sight of who you are.
And by the time you realize it , it'll be too late.
And those purple hyacinths you leave behind , what do they mean ?
Obviously , they're a threat _ but that's not all-
The hyacinths represent the roy al crest. isnt the message clear enough? it's always been an explicit threat to the royals. one of the many that the phantom scythe constantly sends out. what a stupid question to ask, officer  i thought the police already knew that much_
Let's get started on this file on ned colden. we've got a lot of stuff to cover regarding what blakesley revealed tonight . he's not lying.
But is this really the whole truth?
Xkh h
Ull
Tmvnp thvmp skk
C
M
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
