Purple hyacinth
Episode 29
I've heard that beatrice blakesley will be put to trial tomorrow .
Her case is almost as easy as mctrevor's. the 7th precinct's been watching her for a while.
It was about time for her to visit the bottomless pit of despair that awaits in jail.
We've already put two phantom scythe members behind bars thanks to lune. they're becoming quite the legend in court huh_ wait , sarge
And they've been doing an incredible job infuriating hermann. oh yeah: ive got a report from the 7th precinct that lune dropped a file there too.
What?? lune sent a file to the tth precinct? how did they get access there? !
Who is it about this time?? we have to get our hands on it!
That's not difficult one little bruise to his ego and he'd be ready to start a war tap  no sargei please don't do that. i don't think it's a good idea lieutenant hawkes will - sergeant ladelli' would you be so kind as to explain why your desk is becoming a cafe? officer harvey _ don't tell me you also got dragged into her shenanigans_ thp tap
What -
Ta-mhl me? a common barista? low of you to insult me in such a way , lieutenant_ dont you see this is art in its purest form?
As long as your "art" doesn't prevent you from finishing your paperwork on time. i can't wait on you tonight _ i have a family dinner i must attend_ tsk, like you've ever had to wait on me, willame.
Lieutenant , actually i wasn't -
Where's my coffee cup_ stop stealing all the office mugs, sarge. syy
If i'm deprived of my morning coffee, i might have to deprive you of your limbs.
Aa
You may have mine if you need one, lukas.
Nj 5 thank you:
S@mp stmp stnp
H-how can you glns run so fast?
Thank you, mr colden, your help is much appreciated.
Seems like the cops have arrived. we shall now take our leave.
Wait no! you're lune, aren't you? you can't leave me here like this! i can't go to jail! over therei stop! tu psll
9k pkl ~
Avavaia
Tmp thvmp tluch
Sth stonp
Where did they go?! damnit _ we've lost them_ wait _ where's officer harvey? where did everyone go?
Don't tell me i lost them again? !
Don't you think being chased by cops is exciting? stmp
What part of almost getting calght by my co-workers, ruining my entire life- smb
~and going to jail do you think i find exciting? let's see:
Gphpi
Stonp stmp
This part? sum
Ah. i have to work harder:
Police work is hard but i have to do this!
I can't give up! i have to be strong for my grandpa!
I got this!
