Please turn on your sound
L4i it's so early at least an empty office is quiet.
1 blikl llslt
M i never thought of you as an early bird, ladell. thmp
A 8 cpp sx
Good morning lieutenant _ i didn't hear you come in_ ll pigr zlm' covb
I noticed. ils what are empty you doing in the office so early? it's barely five. i could ask you the same.
But if you must know, i'm finishing up paperwork.
Paperwork?
I told you, you'd never have to wait on me for paperwork, willame.
Stop looking me like just said i'm off chasing pink elephants. it's not the first time i've come in early to do my dle diligence as sergeant . well i'm glad to hear it . reminds me why you were promoted in the first place! must admit forget sometimes oy ! guys will you stop yelling - ~it's five a.m aaaaaa aaaaaaaa hhhhhi gnad!
What the-
Did you two conspire to give me a heart attack this morning? i came to work early to finally get some peace_ youre the one that disturbs peace in this office. early birds of a feather , hahai been falling behind on my paperwork, so i wanted to catch up. i guess i've been going on too many midnight dates" these days
Kym: what _ poke
My coffee cup_ that's grumpy cat's desk.
Oh my god! we need to clean it before he gets here or we're all dead meat! you are dead meat, ladell. you knocked it over: it's your coffee cup _ butterfingers! you let it fly awayw!
You know , this is the first time, but i really wish i'd never met you, kym: don't worry _ i actually wish it all the time.
What on earth are you doing , hawkes? dont you see this is a crisis? i'm filling out request to change precincts before i get killed.
This is an act of treason , willamei you can try to run, but your soul will never escape grumpy cat's wrath!
Purple hyacinth
Episode 31 aayye! adventure time at 5 am.! what the hell is wrong with you.
Ahahahaha! janitor
Wait is that _
Next time, you're going to- janitor pvma
S
Stutlle
C#s
Wap
Tp
The signs are pretty vious he has no offensive or defensive wounds besides the cut on his neck forensic examiner grace riverhood forensic unit 11th precinct ardhalis police department considering the rotting skin around the cut, the blade must've been coated powerfll poison: the autopsy will confirm it_ but i'm ready to bet we're looking at the effects of olden viper venom: forensic examiner andrew lawes forensic unit 1th precinct ardhalis police department the venom spreads rapidly through the bloodstream and burns through all types of tissues- with
Skin and cartilage, while also causing mass hemorrhaging _ < it reacts with blood and produces a chemical:.. which increases the blood pressure exponentially until the heart can't stand it. the vapors released during the reaction are highly toxic and he must have suffocated until his heart finally burst , or his cranial arteries_ based on his bleeding , i'd say it was the anelrysms that finally did it. { 8
This type of venom is extremely rare, but i've heard about such murders from other precincts. phantom scythe assassin, no doubt . why would anyone want to do this to harvey?
None of the glards working last night heard a single thing. they just assumed harvey went home_
I doubt harvey could have had any personal enemies who would bother to go to such_ expensive extremes to get rid of him:
I'd guess it's the phantom scythe taunting us. avbf
Sent one of their assassin to deliver a message to us: their methods are too clean for hobbyist a5 too wel [ act
He kecess spec
6e v 6t
)
A an yov anight? l
Kym? you should sit down for a wh - i i need to go finish the paperwork_ grip
Tgh?
Tcsh:
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
