Please turn on your sound
L
Ky m! officer sinclair! t i need you to go the interrogation room and give your report to march on what happened this morning _ can't it wait?
Well the other two already stormed off . so we'll have to start with you.
Focus _ officer_ lieutenant hawkes went after her. ladell is fine_ yes, sir, of course. i do it _ grip
You know the drill, i need to ask you a couple of questions, if you saw anything abnormal this morning , any clles, etc. il talk to hawkes and ladell when they get back.
Purple hyacinth
Episode 32
7mup
Thvmp czack t
Kymi
Kai
Mami
She can't_ ~hear me_ z
Toh
K-
Oh, no! surely he's just sleeping!
Can't you see he's trying to charm you with how drop-dead gorgeous he is?
Aye, lauren!
Aye! let's g0! this calls for celebration!
Strs ts kym! chi =
Finally found you:
What are you doing here?
Just checking if you're okay.
Well that's surprising _ i thought you despised me.
I do_ i'm just -
I'm just fulfilling my duty as lieutenant -
-to make sure my subordinates are alright .
Haha. don't worry too much. i was just a little surprised, that's all i'll be okay.
You don't normally react like that though_ usually you make awful jokes at crime scenes and it makes me question your sanity_ but today_ you were  . you reacted like a normal person? and weirdly _ that was scarier_ wah . well _ lieutenant , it's nice to know that you question my sanity .
Hahahai it's just that_ when i was little, i used to see cops like some sort of superheroes. but over time, i realized how human they were:
Their clock stops sometime: just like everyone else.
Now when i recognize that same look in people's eyes- ~i wonder if they'll ever realize it  that superheroes die too.
You seem quite fond of that music box  aren't y-
Lal we should really go back to the precinct _ they are probably waiting for our depositions - ~and infuriating hermann is really not on my bucket list this morning_
Golden viper, you say? yes. the forensic unit was quite positive about that i see. well, that's quite unushal and expensive, whatever the message the killer wanted to send:
I wish i could find the assassin who did this to harvey and send him to rot in jail. i
I could've been the one to kill harvey , you know that? what would you have done?
I wouldve killed you. hahahahai at least you're clear, officer: i suppose i wouldn't expect less of you:
Do you have any idea who it could be ?
I have my suspicions , although i'm not sure of anything . i can find the person who did it for you.
However_ we have much more pressing matters we need to talk about tonight_ flemmings will be back in town in two days and we better start planning our little infiltration: do we have enough time to build a file on him? nope. and somehow have the feeling we shouldn' neutralize him yet . want to learn more about him before moving against him: he could be useful later so huh_ when you said had to dress up _ you meant. yep _ i "borrowed" one of their uniforms few hours ago.
And trust me you are going to hate it. fwum
What the-
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
