Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 36
Did you finally fall for officer? no _ me,
I fell on my face, as you can see. are you enjoying your time on the ground or are you silently waiting for a hand to help you up? no, i'm very fine, thank you:
Hng!
Damnit!
You're bleeding and your ankle looks sprained_ let me help you. i'l be fine. i can walk:
Come on, you've made a great deal of noise. they'll come soon to check it out_
We have to go and we can't wait for you to stagger along like a little grandma. i'l be fine: let's just get out of here.
Sigh
Seriously , you must be the most stubborn person i've ever met.
Laureni look out!
What - swao
Flemmings came back with a pink dress to propose to you:
H-i? crb
Png-
Put me down or ill shoot a bullet right through your skull_ you don't have your gln. put me down-!
Stay still.
Harvey _
There's a file on him in flemming's room: he was a spy for the phantom scythe. he was working for them all this time. i know_ i learned about it while i was at the grim goblin. do you know who killed him? 2
I had a nice little chat with his assassin, acthally . her name's davenport _ you could call her an "old friend" of mine, i suppose. your colleague was getting useless, so the leader wanted him removed.
I'm afraid your plan to send her to jail won't work. many have tried before you and i'm pretty sure none of them lived to tell the tale. grp
I sholldn't say this, but suddenly  i don't even care enough to try does it really surprise you that mlch? if so, i hate to break it to you_ but there's snitches everywhere in the police_ i know there must be_ you said as much on the night we met i'm sure all your fellow police officers despise the leader,
But harvey_
Officer sinclairi he was so sweet , so considerate and genuine all the time. god, you peally scared us back there!
I just. how could i be so blind? he had so much to hide, yet he never lied about this?
Or at least_ nothing that made me suspect .
Why do it in the first place? i know nothing about him, but if he came from a poorer background the leader's mission could've sounded appealing to him.
Or maybe he was blackmailed or coerced into it .
Gd
O1. don't you fall asleep on me. i'm not a couch.
I'm not falling asleep . your back is not that comfortable:
How can you complain after i carried you like a princess across the neighborhood?
It was against my will!
Hn
Oh come on! you could've warned me!
We're already here anyways. 16
Wait_
Where did you even take me?
My apartment , officer.
Clah _
