P ; h
A 1 3 please turn on your sound 8
I'm sorry _ i can't i have something important to do.
I'll see you guys later!
People are leaving for the reception at harvey's house:
Are you coming? yes, i'm coming
Purple hyacinth
Episode 40
@nb
Gl
4s
Their clock stops sometime. just like everyone else:
=
Tfp
Sorry. are you okay?
Yeah, yeah: you just surprised me, that's all!
I've been thinking about what you said a few days ago when. you know_ about heroes dying what did you mean then? oh_ it was nothing don't worry about it_ i was just shaken_ how could this happen at a police station?
And none of the guards saw or heard anything? i don't know if any killer is that stealthy . do you think one of the watchmen colld have let them in?
They checked everyone's alibis. i don't think the assassin needed anyone's help to get in that night _ are we really so helpless in the face of this?! it's ridiculous.
They have more spies in our ranks than we do in theirs , kym: and our spies usually end up dead faster cuh crwu crch=
So huh__ i didn't know you were close to harvey . i wasn't necessarily close to him: but he was so innocent _ he didn't deserve that .
Good thing is that at least they don't suspect anyone from the office . the fact that the three of us were there early that morning wasn't really playing in our favor.
It's a relief our depositions were enough and our alibis checked out .
If you mentioned i hugged you in your deposition: i'm gonna have to tell everyone you screamed like a chicken.
Huh? but i didnt!
Exactly dhvdkl
I didn't think it was necessary to tell them exactly how shocked you were:
So don't worry , no one knows you fell into my arms.
Wap
But seriously, i've never seen you like that. are you sure you don't want to talk about it? you seemed really - i'm fffiiinneee , really _ rl
Horrible things do happen frequently in our field of work. the department offers counseling and-
Vgghh  william; are you deaf? i said im fine. look, i'm not trying to force you: i just want you to know that it's possible-
Yes, okay!
I think therapy is exactly what i need right now.
To help me cope with you.
Huh?! i was just trying to help , because i was worried-
I don't need your help , will! you know what , let's just forget this ever happened okay? let's pretend i fell on the ground . @upl
Yes, the ground ithink iwould have preferred the ground fine, then_
Awesome.
Wonderful _ perfect
Harry anslow . thtpp thwp
0 you'll have visit tomorrow at 7.0pm. a police officer wishes to speak with you. 8
7440p tr
Thtte
Thmmp
7cwlr |
8 4 1 g10 {
Hraahh
~ ump
Stwbe
Dip cit
Clv clmrk
Curk k hhypk
Cywy
Kh
Clav
Schv - you're with the phantom scythe! did the leader send you to free me?
No _ shng'
3
Ile
A dlok
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist
