Please turn on your sound
Mom, dad, i'l be leaving now!
Ccatke
Nupmnl txsy
Yl
Purple hyacinth
Episode 41
Oh
Tthh
7
H
The king's right hand dakan rhysmel @uiuk i
Hm? the high king 0f ardhalis philip aevasther
The high queen of ardhalis lizbeth aevasther
Your majesty! my queeni
Sir rhysmel! what is goin- the purple hyacinth has struck againi every phantom scythe member lune exposed is dead_ it's already all over the papers_ everyone. but they were imprisoned in the tower. yes. he slit the glards" throats on his way in. and then went straight the prisoners_ for
Sigk guards _ leave us_ the people are afraid_ philip .
They're one breath away from rioting in the streets_ chief sinclair managed to stop a revolt last time, but the shock is much more serious now _ this assassin snuck inside the tower _ the most highly-guarded section of the prison - ~like it was a_ a vulgar shop! nothing will prevent him from infiltrating the castle next time the leader didn't send his most infamous assassin there for nothing_ it was a calculated risk
He is sending us a message:
He had them killed before they could reveal anything more to the police. his pawns mean nothing to him:
Why should they? he blew up a train station full of civilians just to kill one man: who knows what he'd do to ruin any progress we were making with mctrevor and the others.
The phantom scythe has been growing increasingly active for while now. the people fear another allendale:
And they are right to be afraid. we have always known that such a catastrophe is bound to recur_ so long as the phantom scythe remains undefeated. no _ this country can't afford to lose another king at the hands of these criminals. we will prevent it , philip
I swore it to you on my life. things have been much better under your reign: you've gained the sympathy of the people: they'll fight for you against these monsters.
Rhysmel is right _ the situation is much different now. you are much more popular than your father and that's thanks to you both_ you have both been of tremendous help to me after his death.
What do you suggest i do? dakan? lizbeth? v
You've always been better with the people than me. i told you, your people need reassuring.
You need to make a public announcement . measures need to be taken against these criminals. they deserve to be hanged. '86
But since you abolished the death penalty _ you'll need a softer way to get the message through. you are right _ we must not show fear: i will double the bounty on the purple hyacinth's head and anyone suspected of helping him:
What's up with these two? they've been avoiding each other all morning_
Hm? we're not taking the usual path: i
Clah
Rvhble
Pvmbe
Stp
Huh?
Will? why are we stopping here? we have a much better view of castle from here_ but . why ? haven't you heard? the king is going to make a public announcement! ah_ididn't know. the
Didn't your uncle tell you?
No, he left in a hurry this morning . but why would the king -
Lauren: ~ sigh $
He struck again last night.
( ` the purple hy acinth_
W-what? w-who? who did he murder? he infiltrated the tower and killed every single guard who crossed his path. sivmee
And then he murdered_ all of lunes conicts.
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist
