Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 43 well, well, officer. what a delightful surprise!
Kieran _ want to grab a cup of coffee and chat about our days?
I've been craving some!
Had a pretty late night , ya know.
I know what you did last night _ tch:
You do? you know it's not really nice to spy on me-
Flkl
You brutally slaughtered dozens of innocent people at the tower-
~and murdered everyone we exposed!
My , my . news travels fast!
Am i famous yet?
Ahahp/
G
Is this a joke to you?
Qll
How the hell could you do this? how can you be so nonchalant?! after what you did mere hours ago! how can you even bear to live with yourself with so much blood on your hands? the leader may order you to strike ~but there's not a shred of remorse in you_ ps/
Just how heartless are you?
Or do you actually enjoy it? maybe it makes you proud- ~to be the most dreaded assassin this city has ever known_ and what exactly would you do if i said yes? what if i enjoy watching my targets scream and squirm_ as the blood drains from their bodies? beg for help as their lives wither away?
Thimp
You-
You disgust me_ you've probably known for a while you'd have to kill them: and yet you said nothing! i didn't know we had to tell each other everything about our hobbies_ how can i trust you after this, kieran? hell_ what am i even doing with you?
It was stupid of me to believe you could be human- ~even for a second. you're nothing but a monster
Taa h
 3  1 a kos s pa
M
K
0 ihmy 2
You thought i was human?
What a monument ally stupid mistake , darling .
Im impressed , actually _
You must be the only person delusional enough to believe that _
You knew who i was when we made our deal.  @v?
You should have known what was waiting for you: thup
What did you think you'd find underneath?
4 pitiful, hurt little puppy? lost , misunderstood sweetheart?
Oh please , lauren . vish -
I am the purple hy acinth.
The reason sane people in this city don't sleep at night
3l/tnvg 7o20 ~vwudse
Gkis
3
Slki
0 let g0 . of me_ i "brltally slaughtered dozens of innocent people" hours ago, didn't i? but i've done so much better than that.
I once carved a man's heart out of his chest and mailed it to his loved ones. murdered an entire family , sat their corpses up in the living room: and waited all night for the father to come home.
Oh, the look on his face before i stabbed him:
Unforgettable. do you remember december 12th, xx24, lalren? i do_ that was the day i killed so many people at once.
Hanbury street literally ran red with their blood.
Must've been horrible to clean up .
Pam
4
Whatever the leader told me to do, i did it .
Ca i could strangle you with my bare hands 8 8 ( 9 8 yiz and not shed a single tear. 88 08 #kh
Kh 9 o
Why do you seem so surprised?
Like you said- i am a monster
And i have always been like this!
Tsh. cvch _
8
8
Covgh  covg
But that's not what this is about , is it?
( you're smart _ you wouldn't have agreed to a deal without being fully aware of the possible consequences. and you also knew i couldn't ignore the leader's orders.
If i don't act like i've always done, he would suspect something is wrong  and then we would both be dead . you aren't mad because i killed these people:
You're mad because i killed anslow .
What? how can you say that? how can you say it like that's all that mattered?
This is about you and what you found in anslow's belongings . you're angry because now, you won't be able to get anything more out of him: how can you even claim that's all this is about-?
How incredibly ironic! you condemn me for my crimes, but who's worse between us, lauren? the ruthless criminal or. kex '
The selfish hypocrite?
8
Sure.
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
