{1t? 7mp
Good morning , uncle! didn't expect to see you here so late.
Oh, you know, when lucy told me she'd make pancakes this morning i couldn't resist! haha! understandable.
And it's been while since we've had breakfast together! it's been while since you've had breakfast at all you're always running to the police headquarters especially now , it must be chaos_ it is_ but still not even close to the horror of what happened . nobody knows where to turn: maybe that's why wanted breakfast
What about you? how are you holding up?
Hmm?
Your eyebags are deep enough to bury a body in.
Oh. well, no offense , but i could say the same about you.
Still nothing from hermann? you've proven you're ready to return to the investigation unit .
If you let me- no, uncle. what i did on that case.
I still think i was right. but i broke the law.
I should've been fired . but they gave me a second chance.
I'll continue to demonstrate an exemplary attitude. until i deserve to be a detective again- ~without your intervention:
You're the most hardworking person i know, ren . just take care, okay? don't overwork yourself.
Il try  uncle tristan. see you tonight!
Purple hyacinth
Episode 47
We wanted to find apostle vii because he's one of few remaining founders of the phantom scythe one the only people who could identify the leader_ kieran knew apostle vii was directing a weapons import operation for the leader and that mctrevor was involved_ of
Mctrevor led us to anslow who had that photograph , but nothing else useful. then blakesley _ colden. and finally flemmings_
Yet not a one of them knew the apostle's identity _ flemmings mentioned an associate still overseas there must be others. but why would they know anything more?
And then there's everything else we found the company seal on mctrevor and flemmings's papers report  teton transachon aeoncluded
The stains on flemmings's clothes.
Whatever he and his associate were handling overseas. the peculiar circus ticket {admit onf
February private reception circus val tne 17th
No letters apostle vii only sent orders via messenger _ the only person who's seen their face
Kieran said the remaining members will be meeting with the messenger it's only a few days from now.
That's my best shot. my only chance to catch them, but_
I gless i'l be on my own from now on.
Dinc
Dinc
Tsukx
Plk sthhu
You're here just in time!
The messenger will be waiting for 4s at the carmine camelia this friday. i assume you've heard what happened? the apostle is furious.
I hope that the rest of the merchandise is shipping , at least? yes. i brought the first batch with me. much more to come in the following days.
Then let's hope that things go smoothly . now that the brainless pawns are off the board _
Cc s7ep
400 0 1
By the looks of your clothes, you must travel a lot sir! ah, this?
Yes, i just came back from a leisure trip over on the neighboring continent _
I
Rl
7h
Glp
511 6pi1b
4 4
Hha wuh
Ou mne now;
Iiow yol ia wii wyhaou ml tat m
Are va inoi tim sake. kne =
So we meet again, detective sinclair. or should i say
Officer?
Kek
