Qtlnvm
3 4 3
{a v please turn on your sound 1 1 1 2 1 1 9
Purple hyacinth
Episode 50 oh! and here she isi the last member of our squad!
Officer lauren sinclairi
(
Lalren , meet the newest addition to our precinct .
His name is kieran white_ he will be our new archivist and- isnt he charminnnng?
W-what is the leader planning?
Is this precinct .
His next target?
We could use someone with your physique in the patrol unit .
Haha_ thanks, but i don't use guns.
Shwe fwdoh
Tvmp
@4vnp ~7hwp vi?shh :
Hi. i didn't know we were expecting a new archivist _ please forgive my surprise before!
Nice to meet you, mr white.
I'm lauren:
The pleasure is mine, officer sinclair .
I'm excited to join the team.
And we're very excited to have you here! press wink~
Arent we lauren?
In a police station in broad daylight. even he couldn't yeah, definitely _ with the rash of murder cases recently . i do think we've been needing a new archivist . our other archivist is going to get here any minute_ he'll give you a more detailed orientation_ please don't hesitate to ask questions!
You can ask him or any of us you need help_ thank you very much_ look forward to working with you altholgh before that would you mind showing me the restroom? wouldn't mind showing you the entire station again, if you want oh, thank you, but think remember where it is now. i'll go to the bathroom before heading to the archives_ it was nice meeting all of you see you arolnd. dlink 3
Ah-! isn't he handsome? can you even imagine him without the glasses?
He's. not my type_ i'l be right back. 1 need to go get something in my locker. you can run_ lalren , but you can't hide! hahahaha!
Cack =
This must be some sort of sick joke.
The purple hyacinth in olr precinct .
As for you, i don't want you in my life outside of this.
I don't want people i care about involved ever_ what we do together stays between us. understood? i once carved a man's heart out of his chest and mailed it to his loved ones.
Murdered an entire family _ sat their corpses up in the living room: and waited all night for the father to come home.
Oh, he look on his face before i stabbed him:
Nforgei | able- what's going on? what the hell? i could stop him, tell everyone who he is. but would that make it worse?
Maybe i can just-
You_
Lork
We need to talk-
Pafi
Sh2r wa v
Oh, do we?
A you better have a damn good reason for me to not shoot you. look, i know you must be upset . covgh?
Just wait a minute.
Let me explain -
Bam"
Bvl sza/
Explain what? that the leader sent you here to kill them all like you did at the tower? di hvt hvt
Im not gonna let you touch them_
Mak
A
Are you oka-
Don't you dare come near me.
I will kill you if you ever touch me again_ and if you had my ability -
Youd know i' m not lying_ (uck -
Look. i'm harvey's replacement _ the new mole. ~
I'm not here to kill anyone. the new mole?
Why you? look i- i didn't want this either.
I don't give a flying f*ck what you want! how dare you come here?
Is this another "hobby" you forgot to tell me about? i only received my mission orders yesterday. i didn't know
How did you even get through the background checks? our detectives comb the files of all the new recruits.
How could they not find anything on you , of all people? you're not even using a fake name! i wasn't the one that prepared the paperwork. i assume it's becalse my civilian identity is clean.
And that my apartment establishes a history of residence,
So it's not like i just appeared out of thin air. it's quite hard to create an entire fake identity - and make it pass the police background check. of course.
But .
The leader didn't put me here simply to be a replacement spy _
What do you mean?
My main assignment is to find lune:
And kill them
Amazing keh=
That's really all that was missing from my life.
So why don't you just kill me then?
Strangle me with your bare hands. you wont shed a tear anyway _
Ab_
Lalren, i-
Well i guess it's a great thing that there is no lune anymore.
The deal is off.
Uatk '
