(ck'
We need to talk. missed me so soon? it hasn't even been a day
Do not test my patience, kieran.
What is it?
Not here. follow me.
Iuos
Purple hyacinth
Episode 52
Are you dragging me to some dark alley so you can finish getting rid of me without witnesses?
Gpi
Pvsh_
Not that i lack the desire.
But no_ not yet.
Pray tell.
He's tense. we need to talk about your mission. the second half of it . i'm sure you can understand why talking about lune in the station isn't the brightest idea: agreed_ shwve
I want to know exactly what you've been asked to do. and how you intend to do it . just what i told you this morning .
I'm supposed to find and kill lune: usually when i receive such missions, the leader expects evidence.
And bodies.
So lune suddenly disappearing and never to be seen again is obviously not enough. why you? it makes sense to send you after lune once they've been identified
But why plant you as a mole? i'm sure i'm not the only one with these orders. lune has suspected connections to your precinct _ harvey had to be replaced and i was available. it's not my first infiltration mission. never had to track down myself before, though:
So we have to find a way to fake lune's death. 54
"we"? are you going to help me, officer? hermann is also hunting for lune the sooner we can pin all this on someone else the better. fair
You mentioned bodies. unidentified corpses are always turning up in the poorer districts. people no one's looking for.
I suppose that would save me some work.
It could be a start, but producing convincing evidence is the real problem here. do you know anyone outside the phantom scythe who can forge identities?
2-5
Maybe. haven't seen him in a while , you guys might have locked him up by now.
I'll see if i can reach him: good .
Lalren , wait -
What?
Why were you late this morning?
It's none of your business.
Nothing i do is your business.
(uk
Lgeek uilk cukk - ccuack
Belladonna davenport _ messenger vii phantom scythe good evening , messenger_ what was so urgent it couldn't wait three days? i didn't want the other merry criminals to overhear_ cackc
Our dear apostle asked me to keep an eye on the whole band. and i believe one of them will soon become problematic. who? tim sake_ the associate that just got back from overseas yesterday. uck
He's the one that had an altercation with the police a year ago. some sloppy murder where he was the last person to see the victim alive.
Yes. the apostle is aware of the incident . well, since he's been overseas for the past year, none of us really know the guy
So i decided to follow him. see if he could actually be trusted. and?
Hahahai it took less than 24-hours in ardhalis for the detective in charge of the murder case to corner him: is he a mole? evp/
No, just stunningly incompetent _ but our lovely timmy really doesn't know when to shut up. they had a wholesome little chat - during which he basically admitted his involvement in the allendale train station bombing_ which apparently she already suspected?
Did you get her name?
Timmy called her sinclair _
I see_ this might indeed become problematic_ you know _ i'm almost jealous_ it's always the purple hyacinth who gets the fancy jobs if apostle vii really wanted the other morons dead, i would've been more than happy to comply . they were locked up in the tower_
No offense, but you are no match for the purple hyacinth.
That remains to be seen .
Thank you for your report.
Well,you know what comes next have some fun .
