Please turn on your sound
Ciug
Pvsh
Creak ~
Purple hyacinth
Episode 54 @hw
7
Sareeh
Ah. what a mess_
Slh-
What a mess i got myself in_ blt i can't think of his mission right now the car was borrowed from a random rich family the car wasn't borrowed it was used without permission to pick 4p sake before the explosion.
And my parents weren't random" in the eyes of the phantom scythe: 4
Their death was planned. they were going to die anyway we figured they wouldn't miss it. why? becalse they were wealthy?
But their driver
Gptp
How long had he been part of the phantom scythe?
D0v s1
Culck
Dpip dpip
Tump
~vmp
Pvll
4
Coltir sufrt
'
3
Pvs7y
'wtl
Racel : olfc 4 sindoir
"toh
Als hey, kieran.
Hm?
Why are you always drawing?
Hm. well, have you ever felt that tinge of warmth:. when you see those subtle moments in life that remind you: tu_
Humanity can be beautiful?
I draw them so i can keep it. 784
This sense of humanity .
I don't ever want to lose it.
Dpip
Fp tip
Staff maxu mad 72ip
Name: abel sandman 16th, xxiol date of employment: april post: driver
~lyl d he died with them in the accident . 88
Did he drive their car off the cliff on purpose?
Stafe
What is this? kxia: may ople of omem decent mer for hox live in the=? accept to 0f crines they' family is guiltv  aevaster  atied to keep bu at aaalis t will - ~4  andlhalis conditions?
Yx14: may of decent men for how long ceve in these indece accept to of of familvis ath ardhalis beople wome and will ardhalis conditions? crimes guilty
1c1 i the aevasutve tied to keep ave "a person's social status shouldn't determine the consideration they receive from their rulers. burie
We are left trembling with indignation at these disgraceful injustices .
Wait this is socialist propaganda! from xx1y? i've never heard of this before_
But that's no wonder considering how overtly the royals are criticized in here. these weren't even legal under king edward's rule how did my parents even get them?
"right to education , healthcare security _ "we do not call for violence_ we want 4 peaceful revolution"?! "we demand that olr plea be heard.
And that the people of ardhalis be treated like the decent men and women we all are signed.
'he snapdragon:  they're talking about the situation fifteen years ago it was like a nightmare back then, and even now-
~it's barely any better in the poorer districts_ did my parents support them? were they part of it?? the phantom scythe were the first revolutionary group to be publically known for defending such goals.
7x14" may but this dates from three years before_ ae ath ardhalis
2 33 5 9 1 j { 6 4 [
It's neither of my parents' handwriting _ jn telef one 0600 4( or retvav . rl obton & sons  trinte: since x 5 6 vaterbury a 4> t,' #td. daick butis
It looks rushed, was the writer in a hurry? or running from something_ (l ut nd 7" rt t to4. rekvdv _ )) de butis paiak sons
K x who are "they"? could this be linked to the phantom scythe? wait - oh no_ orton "1ce vas (" < x atebon 6
What if the snapdragon were some kind of rival group_ ~so the phantom scythe eradicated them?
And if my parents were part of it
What the hell does all of this mean?
Cllck
Zhvd 7hvd
Cu(k lor
J
Hhy_did on that night i could have killed you:
But i . hesitated.
Nhy did 1 feeze ? and i didn't know why .
Blt for the first time in years,
It made me feel human again.
The first time since
