Purple hyacinth
Episode 55
Spic
X14. 4 ' ay
Ople or "e"   "ma nng will decent fo iw;. live thz accept to p family is  ried t0 keep bu i need to get those pamphlets out of my head. i can't let them distract me right now. they are meeting at the carmine camelia in two days a.  alis ( alaalurlns= conditions? crim 'guiltv senaeien
Doesn't leave me mlch time for reconnaissance: sto
Two days later
The carmin camelia.
Bouncers at the front door just like last night . 10:40. the meeting is about to start .
Dhe
0 zlvovhl
Huh; the seclrity at the back entrance is new_
North pavilion, third room: the room should be about fifty meters away, well in the range of the bug.
5
The day before
(
@p t7hp
Dop
Qojv dibo 5 i qaom rojm
Sen 4 uub 15 so^ 6.45 30 lz 0 d jl 1w pym 7' 20 7.50 3 : 0d 8:30 8 : 30 oim "4ca uhrit tp vermeillej {kiraslle lockholmes cart5 lermings @ ui @lke| slide
Dvq
24 slvt
Well timmy , looks like we're bit early for our merry relnion!
Call me that one more time and i'll- and you'll what? kill me? i would love to see you try_ timmy . wait those voices i know them!
Shut up , davenport . let's just go upstairs.
Sake?! what is he doing here? wait , davenport that's the name of the assassin who killed harvey!
The one kieran said was involved in apostle vii's weapons operation! we're with flemmings
Noce: associate will recurn eo ardhalis in cwio weeks
He's the associate? that's why he suddenly resurfaced!
Entering through the backdoor and the guard knows them: tholght a high class restalrant was a weird choice for a phantom scythe rendezvous. ceak
Blt it seems they're friends with the staff _ you just got back, so i'm gonna give you a free pass-
Pannp
Blt know that when underdogs bark at me like that - the next thing you know they're squealing because their guts are all over the floor _ so instead of ordering me around, why don't you tell me what's up with that cop , hm?
Unless you want to have that conversation in front of the messenger? sluz
Damnit . i can barely hear them: gless i'l have to follow them in:
But the glard_
The side wall should be in his blind spot .
Aw' yods672
5 ywc
Chunt]
She calght on that i was lying during the interrogation-
And somehow guessed my involvement with the phantom scythe and allendale train station. crap. forgot about the sand garden foop tov
Didn't matter becalse no one believed heri t greal
She even got demoted! haha!
Clilk !
Fffffffffff ffffffffffffff ffffffffffffffff fffffffffffffff fffffffffff_
Demoted? why?
She smashed me so hard against the mirror that it shattered. in front of all her colleagles.
But you should've seen the look on the cops' face- they found my blood on her hands a few days later.
The crazy bastard was desperate to prove me guilty.
