Purple hyacinth
Episode 5
Wan tev hlve da
Know! my guys robbed some idiot nobles just yesterday - ~like stealing from infants! cry as much, too! pfthahaha! shrieking like stuck pigs whenever they see a knife! they looked like they were gonna piss themselves! hahahahai
Sttep
And then they go cry to the cops, like the cops can do anything _ just another pen of squealing pigs!
Hahahahai hahaha - step
Oh sh*t, it's the p.h.! 2
Keep your voice low! this guy's dangerous.
He's the deadliest of all of us. yeah, i heard. the man's a freaki he has more kills than anyone else in the p.s. combined!
No one has ever had the guts to do what he's done before. he's a demon sent straight from hell.
Tsk . he can't be that bad- -i mean, have any of you ever seen him before? a few times. he's probably here to report a new kill_ i bet hes all bark and no bitei hes the leaders favorite little pet _ his personal att ack dog!
Thinks hes above us common glittersnipes isnt the whole point of all of this to be beyond all that? oi! why dont you come say hello to your comrades?! huh, b*stard?! stam'
Fldosh
Cake
Stii
Our deepest apologies , sir!
This piece of sht is very drunk! he didnt know what he was doing! oh? maybe next time i'l drop by to report your deaths, comrades  stam
Hey! dont piss off the p.h.! do you have a death wish?!
Lceeks stp step creak cir
0
825
Step gdak
Messenger iv phantom scythe the targets, de la rocca and grayson were eliminated tonight . i brought the documents the leader wanted me to retrieve. as suspected_ they were both working for the police , trying to infiltrate the ps;
They were careless enough to leave evidence behind . anything else to report? grayson's maid alerted the police. they arrived while i was finishing my second task. 7p8ezow$
But as always, they were too slow.
It's not like you to be taken by surprise like that. i hope you weren't seen. of course not
Well, no matter. you carried out your work per orders, as always.
You -
You were that boy-
Yes, as always.
The leader will be pleased to hear about this.
Also_ a word of advice , try not to upset him_
You may be the purple hy acinth , but hes still watching you.
Never crossed my mind .
Good  we'll be in contact soon:
Well, thank you for the kind warning , comrade:
But honestly - who would be reckless enough to threaten the leader, huh?
