Of course it's you. goddamnit .
Lalren?
What the hell.
What are you doing here?! apparently the same thing you are.
I'm here for the meeting -
~which i am now missing_ should have expected you'd come.
I thought you were a threat -
77
Hmm: right _ "a threat _ curious _ i thought the same when i saw those shurikens flying at me:
Well, i didn't expect the law-abiding office sinclair to turn into a mastermind criminal.
Birds of a feather, i suppose. worry not  i'll keep this short.
I really don't care what you do_ just dont bother me 
Purple hyacinth
Episode 58
So much for coming prepared _ can't i just peacefllly listen to the rest of the meeting? 84t_
Really? what do you want me to do?
I can't listen right in front of their door! there are other walls!
There are guards everywhere else!
Not my problem! shut up!
No, we can't accept any more delays_ everything is almost ready _
We strike in less than two months . officially , three the cargo will arrive on different ships_
The last one sets sail on febrlary 12th and should be here by the 14th, what about the hideout? do we still have storage space? of course. everything's well-hidden underground and under constant surveillance.
What about your side, sake? you can tell the leader not to worry , messenger.
You know that i only buy the best.
The nitroglycerine i'm bringing in will blow this backwards colntry's bombs out of the water.
Heh-
The allendale tragedy will only look like a tiny sparkler compared to what's to come_
Provided that the merchandise survives the journey to ardhalis. the slightest shock could calse the ship to go up in flames. we've taken precautions and several batches have already reached port safely.
The remaining will travel with our weapons. even wiith only what we have now, no one would be able to stop 4s. good_ i believe all of us know what to do.
This meeting is adjourned.
Gick
Huh? a tattoo? and _ what is that smell?
~u ~k 7np
Wait - the messenger is not with them: )
Did he disappear out of thin air again?!
Cmkl
Ilost the messenger. we need to go find him. i saw him g0 to the other side of the garden.
Could he have gone back inside? he has a bird face. might not be the best idea.
Just follow me_
Stop_ glard. hum: _ kieran_ there's someone coming from the other side too_ t 7 they'll corner 4s. c'mon, c'mon! 7ap
J ) k sj cuiuk |
Great idea, good luck seeing when the way is clear. if you'd shut up _ i could listen for their footsteps.
Myeah, problem is i'm hearing footsteps from the corridor, not the patio. @nd
Aaahhhi finally! the restrooms! cl
A-a-a-!
Assassinsi aaahhhiii!
Milady?? milady!!! fear nothing milady! i shall protect you with my brussel sprout attacksi s zw
What has frightened you? two assassins! armed! they were th-
Wait - they are goneiii???
It was an ambushi im sure they were here to kill my handsome butleri! milady _ please calm down , where did they go?
I wont let anyone touch my princely butleri milady where did they -
Oh my milady - dazzling butler . youre aliveii milad- im not getting paid enough for this sh*t .
Mr. butler, did you see the men she's talking i was sooooo scared to lose you_ my statuesque butleri
No. youre aliveii
Where zp
^ is the
Exit??!
~ kp ^
Tap
Storage room staff only
611
Do you think the lady crazy? there's literally no one she always does that she' drunk, she's probably hallucinating mean_ she did mistake private dining booth for toilet _ wait , did you lock the storage room when you 4sed earlier? fhiki helen? told you to always ock the storage room! uk seei it's still unlocked! gkl' we've already had costumers steal from us the boss won't be happy happens again! i'm sorry! remember next time!
There's no lock on this side of the door, it can't even be picked. 'ithink were stuck _
Here for a while.
