You can count on 4s, march. we'll uphold our oath to the apd
Yes, you can count on 4s.
Purple hyacinth
Episode 61
No _ lauren. no patrol for you today either.
But i'm fine- nope_ tlnk ~enz
I'd be more worried about how she learned that. he went silent last year, do you think she's been in contact with him? or with
The other passengers? i think so_ there were only two phantom scythe members in there besides me.
Robin delaney and the driver_
Robin was eliminated , so the driver is the only one who could have told the tale.
All these years, everyone believed he died in the car crash with my parents. i remember that day perfectly. my parents left with sandman in the morning aewa november 26th, xxi terrible car accident carrues the sinclairs and their drii fema
Three bodies were recovered from the car: i'm sure of that
Coo
Archives stops
We keep autopsy reports here for fifteen years before moving them to apd national archives. our family home was in the 11th precinct .
My parents' autopsy report must still be there. archivesl
I really shouldn't , but ibtkale
It's now or never_ quick. reak_
You here in hopes of breaking another of my ribs, officer?
Ah _ you're there.
Don't be so disappointed. yshut
I'm an archivist _ this- -is my new lair. when i'm not out there spying on the phantom scythe investigations.
On a side note, your classification system is a mess.
Re-shelve everything if you want you must be bored out of your mind with no one to kill right now. 701
Perhaps i could help you if you told me why you're here. i'll be fine. this used to be my lair too_ i know exactly what i'm looking for.
September october november december xx17 xx17 xx17 xx17 january xx17
Alexander sinclair rachel sinclair abel sandman peport
Captain hermann! good evening! hermann?! crapi no! cud
How're you doing _ mr. white? i hope our filing system isn't too overwhelming . with all due respect , a lot of it's just haphazardly thrown on the shelves.
I've started to sort everything in alphabetical order.
And cataloguing all of it for easier access. it's a lot of work, but i'm getting there.
Wonderful' i'm glad we've hired someone with as much initiative as you! t
Come with me, i need your assistance don't forget to lock the archives door_ oh come on _ not againi stop locking me in places- let me just put these files back first! @ulee @hne
It'll only be a minlte.
Come to my office when you're done.
By the way, have you seen lauren?
I couldn't find her anywhere.
She had to stay behind becalse of her concussion. yeah, she's right there behind the bookshelf.
Tlmp hahahahai i really like you, mr _ white! you make me lalgh! she can't be here, we changed the code specifically so she couldn't get in_
Mhmm; ive been told_ but no_ i haven't seen her. okay! i'l be in my office. @utk
Thank you for_ covering for me_ pleasure but why sneak in? and while we're at it why are you banned from the archives? do your job and figure it out yourself mole_
I'm sure hermann will gladly share: ah, by the way , my spying turned up a hunt for lune suspects in the precinct . detective march and your two best friends are leading it.
Your name is on the list _
Kym and will? i'm not surprised they suspect me: i haven't been at any of the phantom scythe arrests lately
I'm shocked hermann hasn't already pinned it on me. he doesn't seem to like you very much.
The feeling is mutual lalren; wait. about the nitroglycerine - i think i might have a lead .
I'm listening .
That night_ they mentioned an underground hiding place. there's a few places i think we should check. especially in the poorer neighborhoods.
Greychapel , specifically .
I see. if it weren't for the ticking bomb over all our heads. i would remind you that i don't want anything to do with you.
I remember_ don't worry_
But the problem at hand is bigger than either of us.
With those kind of explosives- they must have hired handlers who understand dangerous chemicals. il look through the records for anyone known for nitroglycerine. il keep looking for the brunette woman from yesterday . good
Im going to greychapel tomorrow night . will you come? i'l meet you at st . lawrence bridge at ten.
That's fine by me. see you there. don't be late.
See you there for what?
Kym?! will?! youre already back?
It's the same time patrol always ends, lalren.
Don't change the subject . it's not our place to ask, but i admit i'm also curious.
Oh, lauren, you didn't even tell your friends?
Tell them what?!
Well. i gless we can't hide it for much longer.
No , kieran what are you doing?
You cant tell themi
Lauren and i are dating _ hh
2h
