Hello? tristan here: vinq
Tristan, so good to hear your voice! it's dakan.
Oh, dakan, it's been so long! is everything alright?
Yes, yes, don't worry! sorry for calling this late. i know i promised you and ren i would stop by - but i haven't had minute for myself! not being a very good godfather, i'm afraid . it's alright _ she understands and so do i_
It must be hectic at the palace right now. with all this purple hyacinth business.
Like you wouldn't believe? is ren asleep already? i'd like to talk with her a bit if she isn't . she's not home unfortunately! she went out on a date just an hour ago
Ah, in that case. do you have moment _ tristan?
Mtt
Ready for our "date" _ officer?
Okay, okay_ sorry- that was inappropriate , i take it back!
I suppose i should thank you for coming up with an alibi for kym and will. but i wolld be even more grateful - if yu never ever mention it again.
Duly noted. while we're on it . .why l'arlequin specifically?
An old. friend of mine works there. i asked him to add our names to the reservation bok for the night of november 30th. if your friends check on it , they'll see we were both there when anslow was arrested. hmm, i see. clever.
So, where do we start?
Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 65
The poorer neighborhoods of ardhalis are full of abandoned buildings.
Old factories and shops with plenty of "underground" storage space. geyhhpelx timest
Shut down by the police. no one ever checks them after  the phantom scythe thrives on abandoned places and people. so you think the weapons and nitro might be hidden here?
Perhaps. worth looking, at the very least
Any other specific phantom scythe halnts? there's a whole network of subterranean hideouts and passages. i'm sure i barely know a quarter of it . we call it the underworld .
Most of the buildings look perfectly normal on the surface, like the carmine camelia.
What about the grim goblin? i've never been able to find it . that's becalse it's underground . you can't find it unless you already know where it is. care to explain?
Nope. knowing you, you'd rln straight there. and i'm not letting an innocent little lamb like you walk into the lions' den.
How considerate.
Let's start here.
6o
3
3
I can't believe i'm here cooperating with him just like before.
But i wouldn't even have known about these places without his help
This is what the pamphlets were denouncing over a decade ago pacifist protest groups like the snapdragon_ were neither listened to nor remembered. and then. the phantom scythe resorted to violence to be heard.
What they've done is horrible, it doesn't justify the killings but _ the people's frustration and dejection must have been legitimately abysmal.
Still nothing .
It's almost dawn and we still haven't found anything! we've gone through eight of them already!
Looks like the group that's left isn't as amatelrish as the others. prepare to pull a few all-nighters before we find our bomb. that is, if it doesn't explode first .
It's not enough! we should inform the althorities. my uncle is the chief of police, surely that will play in our favor. ludicrous to think we could stop the phantom scythe-
Let alone a civil revolution on our own! ah, see, that's where you're wrong .
We aren't trying to stop the revolution.
It must happen for this to change.
We're trying to stop the terrorists among them: from slaying hundreds of innocents for their own selfish reasons.
And if you want your uncle's head t stay on his shoulders. keep him out of this. you know what happens to people who know too much in this city  we really can't tell anyone.
Hey don't panic , lalren. it will do you no good.
We haven't played all our cards yet. we'll come back tomorrow and search other locations. i'l continue to keep an eye out for that dark-haired woman and the scarred man. his name is tim sake.
We. might have crossed paths when i was still a detective.
He's been in the phantom scythe since its early days, was a bomber at allendale. apart from that _ i don't know anything useful.
I see. let's not linger here any longer. we're done for the night.
Tnm
@
& sons | orion -
& gl ore rek & x sons orion 7cy nad 7 # t4 netuav .() butis paiak sons ofton s€
& sons orion
Lalren? i-i have to check something _ av
7f orionrsons
(p
Careful, officer! was that necessary?
Bop
Ubuo ofton sons 1' .1 ' ince xx7) taterbury atu 3n unc
What are you doing?
Grel ? crul
Pamphlets? a_ a couple of days ago i discovered a protest grolp they predated the phantom scythe. the snapdragon _ apparently they used this shop to print their pamplets. i found it peculiar i'd never heard of them: especially considering their rhetoric.
I don't know why, but i can't shake the feeling . 54 thportasts
Wait _ that's. not ink
No-
[206 m
Bullet holes_
Something terrible happened here
It's a murder scene _
Welcome to greychapel_
