Please turn on your sound
What? the purple hyacinth?! so it was him? i was running after him? no shame in losing him lauren_ no one's even got near him in the seven years he's been active
You're lucky to be alive.
Purple hyacinth
Episode 6
I really should have known.
The purple hyacinth._ 00
The most powerful weapon in the phantom scythe's arsenal.
Responsible for the bloodiest crimes our city had ever seen.
He left no trace,
No evidence
Except for one thing,
His signature purple hyacinth,
Next to each of the corpses he left in his wake. and [ was almost one of them.
You know , civilians sometimes claim to see his shadow running across the rooftops at night . but no one has ever gotten close enough to be able to describe him as precisely as officer sinclair did tonight .
We may have lost valuable assets tonight but now we know who we're looking for, at least the details you were able to provide tonight are of immeasurable value as always well done , officer sinclair_
"well done?"
After all these years, we finally could've had him and
I let that b#stard go
It was a reckless move. you should have waited for backup . you were very lucky tonight hah lucky_
He probably didn't consider that the maid would be awake_ or that the police could respond as soon as we did . it's fortunate we happen to live nearby or maybe it was intentional: two murders back-to-back make sure we see him but still can't catch him: a power play plausible  ladell_ he has been taunting the royal family for years now_ grisp
He co-opts their family crest as some sort of sick joke. 4 fardhalis aevasther apphalis #yacinta covus,venusd) sicut
A threat , more likely .
What if they're an apology? that's impossible. any regret he might have had has long been drowned by all the blood on his hands.
And i have no regrets
You're right.
Regardless this isn't his usual political terrorism rocca and grayson were recently recruited as double agents_ they were assigned to try to infiltrate the phantom scythe's underground network only those with the highest security clearance were aware_ seems like the leader is always one step ahead of us_ hawkes, ladell sinclair_ i want to thank you three for coming so quickly tonight the investigation unit will take care of the rest_ you are now dismissed_
Yes siri
What a prick. good to see he still has it out for you) lauren. are you sure you don't mean you, kym? what do you mean?
Lauren, you coming? huh? ah, yes.
#yawns* finally, it's time to go home!
At at aalfl
Wah!
It sure is running faster today! 4 f 2 a
It's super late! alright , guys.
I'm heading home! i intend to sleep like a log for the rest of the night . but you, william make sure she gets home safe! or ill kill you.
Ciao, peasants!
Bye kym! don't worry about it, will i'll be fine on my own. see you tomorr-
Do you seriously think i'm going to let you walk home alone tonight? what? you just spent half the night chasing down the most notorious killer in the city  he could be anywhere waiting for you i'l be fine, will. you know better than anyone that i can defend myself  cvi@i
Don't be silly _ of course i know. but won't you let an old friend walk you home, just this once? our houses are in the same direction anyways. fine, mother .
But don't you dare slow me down, my bed awaits.
Yes, yes, at least one of 4s can sleep tonight . don't you ever miss our academy days?
Oh, the good old days with no midnight calls about deranged criminals? simpler times, certainly sometimes i wonder if we really should've graduated early _ ha! we would've been far too bored, otherwise! we were already driving our instructors mad .
True! but who'd've thought we'd g0 from playing cops and robbers in your mother's garden- ~to this?
Definitely not me.
How quickly things change.
How has your mother been lately? the usual_ i see well, i'm sure her health will improve soon_
With everything you've tried, something has to work.
Speaking of work! you've been slacking off on your officer-duties. your squad is running wild! just look at me and kym! ah. kym ladell_
That woman drives me insane! she never listens and every time i open my mouth she argles! hahaha! god bless her.
Isn't she the best? the worst . clrse the day she was assigned to me: she'd be hurt if she heard that! she's lucky she's observant and never misses her target. charming.
Hahahai you know_ lalren, a lot's been different since we got our badges.
But i'm glad some things didn't change at all_ and some things never will now, thank you gentleman: the lady has been delivered safely _ you can go sleep now, too. see you tomorrow_ lauren! good night _
Yol're not doing this becalse of yolr occlpational responsibility . @lncv
"it's personal. who do you think i am_ b*stard?! 8 h 1 l allying myself with the most loathed criminal in the city? sier 1 1 i
The purple hyacinth? ! 6 you and i share the same goal.
Find the leader and destroy him.
I no one's ever seen him and lived to tell the tale.
Except _
I just did allendate ctation ever since that day- allendale train station tragedy ~i've wanted to take down the monsters responsible for his death. they took the person i cherished most from me_
I wanted to avenge him:
And i wanted to spare others the same fate
My own search led me vaf nowhere for dr ten years. ne and now. this assassin proposes he'l help me "i would be yolr best asset casy fe unsolvei unsolved  ash !
But this quest almost destroyed me before:
You should really let go, lalren_ 2ax vh 3 1
Meet me at the bridge tomorrow at midnight .
7mhale
Hah 8 <
I won't have anything to do with him:
It's long over.
Purple hyacinth ost music
Let's make it spicy. co-creator co-creator and artist ephemerys sophism @ephemerys @deadsophism (official ph meme page) (music and art page) ~ph
