Purple hyacinth
Episode 68
7nk
Zn 7p
Leave. tlmc1
Vvh $
What's wrong with them?! thosere children-! don't bother. nobody likes cops around here.
Uk [ @ck "
Hidk
It isn't like that in our precinct. everything here is so. different .
Are you really that different , though?
What do you mean?
I think you know what i mean .
Think about it _ officer - maybe everyone who joined the apd really wanted to help people_ but policing is protecting and serving" through violence therefore, such behaviors are not only taught _ but encouraged and normalized. your service protects the rights of the rich. while denying those same rights to the poor_ so no matter whom you're policing_
We're all contributing to this system of oppression.
Exactly .
So in the end _ how different are you really?
"therefore  violence is not only taught_"
"~but encouraged and normalized ."
Pk #c' when yol have such dangerous members of the phantom scythe around_ it's hard to remember not everyone is that extreme of a threat . x
Det xx20 trdub inae buy tickets 
Circus royale? that's the one on flemmings's ticket. the troop started out in this neighbourhood
Kym told me they live up to their name. but for such a high budget troop to have its root in district like this. i knew conditions were bad , but i i suppose i never paid enough attention:
I've never seen this side of the city. these streets are downright dreadful. i gless that's the problem of privilege. the more you have, the less attention you pay . now try to guess how many fucks the royals and nobles have given in the past century _ ~for the south shore to reach this state.
Those kids__ i could have been one of them:
I was sent on path that is much worse thanks to the phantom scythe but now i have an apartment , nice clothes and more money than i need.
I guess some could say i'm on the lucky end of the spectrum: you and i both are.
And that's all it is, luck. speaking of the circus, we should probably look into it . flemmings's ticket is for february_ but we should check it out before.
Agreed. they set up in our precinct this year. i think they have a show in two or three days. that might be a good time.
2
I've been meaning to ask you-
How did you know about that print shop last time we came here? i found one of the snapdragon's pamphlets in my attic, of all places.
And . a card from the print shop with a disturbing , hand-written note.
The writer knew about the massacre, and. i think my parents knew the writer.
But i don't have anything else. yesterday , when you said you felt it was important , you weren't only talking about the murder.
Why so?
I've never heard of any revolutionary groups like the snapdragon before. not even at the police academy . i've looked at other precincts' archives too: nothing . it's like they never existed. that print shop too.
And their claims are_ pretty close to the phantom scythe's. murders don't make headlines in greychapel.
You think the two groups could be connected? i'm not slre of anything yet sigk let's focus on the bombs for now.
We still haven't found anything_ we need to keep looking
K# tk:
I have so many things to tell you, ren _
Tp
7?
Qn
Sqfbs
Your majesty_
Dakan_ you're letting your appearance down.
I'm sorry , your majesty . some mornings are rougher than others, i suppose: where are you off to in such a hurry?
I have important matters to discuss with the king.
Such as what? if i may ask.
Problems you know very well we have ignored for too long_ as the rulers of this country _ you can't turn a blind eye to your people's frustration forever. something has to change before the situation spirals out of control again.
You can't compare philip's rule to his father's. things have changed . yet the situation on the south shore is worse than ever .
With the new year coming up _ it's a good time to bring reforms. if we-
Why waste time? we've already given so much to those good-for- nothings .
All they do is ask for more, without offering anything in return. industry in this city relies on cheap labor from the south shore. families that can't afford to send their children to school-
Or get the medical care they need_ the idea of helping them has barely breached the government's closed mind_ but it's not enough _ how can we expect them to "offer more" to society - if they're giving their all just to survive?
The crown's coffers aren' bottomless_ neither is the peoples patience_ the phantom scythe's ranks are growing by the day, lizbeth. olr spymaster keeps an eye on them_ but that didn' stop the allendale tragedy. we knew it was coming and still couldn' prevent it . how long before history repeats itself because we were too proud to listen? listen to what? coercion from gang of criminals_ terrorizing ardhalis? murdering our most valuable citizens destroying our economy?
Are you naive enough to believe they would stop if we comply?
They will not stop if we don't do anything we shouldn't even need their pressure to consider these reforms.
But king philip has to open his eyes- ~before the phantom scythe shuts them forever .
Is that a threat dakan? ziep
You said their supporters are multiplying _ are you considering joining?
Of course not _ i am only being rational.
If any member of the privy council would actually set a foot in greychapel- they would agree with me.
You may try to infllence philip  but the council has not forgotten your old schemes . llak clpv
And they shouldn't forget they aren't dealing with the snapdragon anymore.
You made sure of that
Z
The king is waiting .
Please excuse me.
But of course. go.
Dakan rhysmel'8 office
I know what youre up to .
You cant run away from me.
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
