I got our tickets.
Ready to go?
) ) nod
Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 69
Weet r
M k6 k
Anything new on the woman from the carmine camelia? not much. i've asked around but no one seems to know who she is.
You drew these? they're pretty accurate. hmm;
We have nothing on the woman, but you said the man is named tim sake.
How exactly do you know him?
2
537
That's how i lost my detective rank. that's the long and short of it . 7l
Also i_ had a little chat with him a few days go_ wait _ how?
In the streets. i ran into him and we had a "talk. but he didn't mention anything about the, operation:
I didn't know he was part of it then. and he wasn't alone. someone knocked me out .
That's how he slipped through my fingers. you were knocked out?! no wonder you looked like death.
Thanks. the concussion is mlch better now. and you went on running on the carmine camelia's rooftopsw? reckless idiot _
Don't even try _ you wouldn't have missed the meeting either_
Dear gods, have i met my equal in stubborness?
You didn't see who knocked you out? i can't remember.
Be. careful:
He'll come back for you if he knows you're onto him:
I know. alright , let's stick to the plan. you want to join the circus and i'm writing an article about them: be back in front of the big tent by eight.
What do ido if they're so impressed they try to hire me on the spot?
Your one time chance to switch career paths 8
Fortun teller gelat
Ahnl
Maiden of the moon .
Ive been waiting for you.
Moon? no she can't know about lune_ who are you?
I am hecate, enchantress of the night.
I know much more about you than you think. 7ueo)
I see yolr past_ yolr present and your future.
You have qlestions and you are unsure where to look for answers.
She must say this to all her clients.
Why am i even here? i can see the turmoil in your eyes.
You are uslally adept at shedding light on trickery_ yet you are still completely in the dark. just generic nonsense come and sit with me, and i shall enlighten you.
Qpar
Pick five cards and lay them in front of you.
This first card represents yolr present self . the two of swords  5t you are at the crossroads of two diverging paths. shppe
Blindfolded , you cannot see the sithation clearly . falsehoods shadow you. she isn't wrong the problem is deeply woven with your past. sm the five of cups i see. three have been overturned. symbolic of disappointment faillres, and loss.
Two are still standing but .
Your self-blame is keeping you from seeing them:
Youre still unwilling to let g0 and to forgive.
The future: although it appears solid.
Ui the tower has been built on unstable mistruths and delusions. the world as you know it will come crashing down before you- towerl the
3 ~stricken by the lightning bolt of truth. there is no escape from this destruction. 2
Destruction? what is she referring to?
This isnt enlightening at all _
544 and then the reason.
A betrayal. painful, unexpected but inevitable ending .
Someone around you has or will stab you in the back _
While you cannot change their actions , you have power over your response to it _ gulp=
The final card _ the potential outcome. t
Death . ieiat
Inevitable: but death isnt just about life ending_ it's about new beginnings too _
The old needs to die for the new to come. be it for better or worse.
G
With the swords in your hand _ you mark the beginning of a new cycle
But they are double-edged blades . they can protect as well as they can destroy _ it all depends on the wielder , on the path you decide to take.
You may think your enemies are hidden in the shadows_ but he is closer t you; more similar to you than you think , lalren_ you must remove the blindfoldi open your eyes, lauren!
Gnk
Vtkz
Kut $ 7iaf
Bier "you must remove the blindfold!
Upeiv youk ey5), lauren? 8
"he is closer to you more similar to you than you think, lauren.
Anml
"the final card.'
Death ,
