I need to pretend to join the circus_ shouldn't be too hard. get a chance to win a plushiei
Are you able to hit all the moving targets?!
How many shots we got?
You'll have six darts.
Hm:. how boring .
Pibsh ih fwbe
How about three knives?
No; sir-! i don't think that's safe-
S1a1
Woah. you're pretty good.
How did you learn to do that? i have some experience with acrobatics. i was actually considering joining your troupe.
Oh_ then get in line, pretty boy our alditions are next month. oh? how long's the line?
We have people from all over the country and beyond wanting to join the company .
If you want to keep up with the pantheon, you'l have to do better than that. the pantheon? sounds a little pretentious.
They've earned it . they're the elites. hephaestus, artemis zephyr. those guys.
I've worked with them in the past and they're really incredible they're the closest to the boss. you really have to be exceptional to reach that level. well, now i'm looking forward to seeing them tonight even more.
Do you have any other big shows coming up after this carnival?
Officer.
So, what did yu find?
Oh. not much, unfortunately  you?
Some information on the circus, and the show on february 17th.
It will be held at viscount redcliff's mansion, as part of the annual ball he organizes.
Apparently the ticket proceeds all g0 to charity huh; hermann mentioned that a few weeks ago. the viscount has asked a couple of precincts to send in vollnteers to work security that night.
I assumed mostly nobles and wealthy bourgeois would be invited. why would flemmings attend the private reception?
He is a wealthy banker_ the question is who he's going to meet there_ anyways let's go_ please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 70
It's so dark. i can't see much.
7hbsh 
Is there someone.
Standing in the middle of the stage?
Spin
Vnul
Welcome to circus royal -
And please, enjoy the show
Doyom
Aak
What'$ happening?
Laoy unl cung]
U wilurs! {tls:
Hubal?
Pnl 7dm1u
G8l' an 4 s1b,
Wow! she just sliced his blindfold up! sn?
Wait _ why does he look so familiar? clp cup clil
The music changed .
~thp 71
@p
Swt
Zn}tu
Pvll
Wait - that tattoo_
Look at her thigh! i's the same one i saw on the messenger's wrist at carmine!
The pianist has the same tattoo on his wrist . (zzes;
Onto our next number.
Where'$ the voice coming from? that'$ kinda spooky. u dod"
Taming flames right out of deepest pits of helli ssle
Vil ~
The mighty fire danceri
It's heri mm
2
Kujn
Hestiai
Belladonna davenport _
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
