Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 71
Belladonna davenport _
Did you know?! i knew she was part of the circus when she was younger. i didn't know she was still doing it . 2
Tholght she stopped when she picked up her. other hobby _
M
We'll have to be careful she doesn't see us together-
Crap- what?
Look who just joined the party.
Flemmings's ticket, the tattoos, now her  and sake. fhabsa
Coming to this show was a better idea than i could have imagined . (heees'
Let's go after them_ but wait here a bit . it'l attract less attention if we leave separately.
2
(eeps/
Sorry, i don't mean to disturb the show- but is it okay if i step outside for a second? if you leave now, you may not be able to come back.
That's okay, sorry again and thank you very much!
There's another entrance to the y artists tent in the back. if we're lucky , we might catch them there. t
What is sake doing at the circus? i have a bad feeling about this.
Took you long enough , hestia.
Good evening _ timmy _ a woman must know how to play hard to get _ i have better things to do than waste my time with you. take those files, they're the last ones the messenger wanted. all the sellers' information is in there
And what're your incredibly important plans?
Im going to get rid of that cop tonight _
Took you long enough. are you, perchance, scared of her? that this time around , given the chance to kill you, she won't miss?
Not all of 4s have time to spare! i've been busting my ass handling the nitroglycerine imports and finding ways to cover it up.
Some of 4s are actually contributing to this operation_
Oh? is that so? what are you even doing? ! "supervising"? supervising what exactly? alm you _
And let's just say_ you're not as important as you think.
2v11in k
V
V
30 0 2 7hlp 030 02 -as 6,
Ta_ ta, timmy!
Better luck next life.
Oh my god- no! it's too late for him. but we have to help him-! no_ he'l be dead in a couple of minutes. il g0 after bella and see what she's up to
But you have to get away from here asap kap
What are you saying?
The carnival is overcrowded. it won't take long before someone finds him and calls the cops.
And when they get here._ considering your past with this man- you had better not be anywhere near the circus. do i need to remind you someone from your precinct died this same way?
You will be a suspect _
Get away from herei
Ill deal with bella. au4p
M
Hu
H
(u
48
 |
7fl
~tp
Sa0 _
Vlh
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
