Vin
Purple hyacinth
This episode contains images of graphic violence which may be disturbing to some readers. discretion is advised_
Episode 73
The victims name is tim sake, thirty-seven years old.
Been overseas for the past year, no registered employment in ardhalis.
But i think we all remember him: same m.o. as harvey_ golden viper venom:
His body is still warm, he must've died within the last hour:
Which means the killer was barely out the door when the acrobat found him:
Do you think it's the work of a hitman? what else could link harvey and sake to the same killer?
At this stage of the investigation, anything is possible.
If sinclair was still in the investigation unit , 4j she might already have a lead by now. well, wishful thinking_ lieutenant , sergeant , you know what to do_ 2
We'll make sure everyone evacuates safely .
Wanted to make sure sake wouldn't off her in some back alley before i'm ready to get rid of her. oh?
Im the new 11th precinct mole, replacement for the officer you killed.
Henry or harry  i can't remember.
Oh! yes, hahahai 5 3 it was so_ much funi clap
Right in the middle of the precinct and no one noticed hahahai 3 ah- i wish i could've seen their faces when they found him in that closet! clap
Myeah: thank yu so much for liberating that spot , by the way. i adore spending my days classifying dusty archives- ~and tracking down lune leads. aw _ boring infiltration missions.
Brings back memories, doesn't it? our infiltration mission wasn't exactly boring , remember? you getting shot was the most interesting part . made an amazing first impression too_
Phr
702
Ztep
And you are the promising recruit? 7
Sp1t
Covgh
Back on topic the officer is still useful to me. considering sake's fate, she's next on your list , isn't she?
Im not in a hurry . the leader will probably ask me to finish the job at some point_ but you seem very eager to keep her alive: how useful can she be? she used to be a detective. knows everything about the inner workings of the precinct and the iu's progress on llne.
And i've finally gained her trust. you've charmed her_ you mean?
You're no stranger to the game. she's a well of information, and i intend to wring her dry for every detail i can get.
Then toss her in the pit . you've only ever killed one person without direct orders.
How unlike you, kieran. she must be truly special _
Getting rid of the informants /s part of my mission . but don't worry _ il hit you up if i ever get lazy .
Clakk
Right  just make sure she doesn't charm you.
Becalse iwill finish the job if you dilly-dally .
Do what you want
Only_ you know what happens to people who disturb the leader's plans.
Aw , that's cute.
Ive haven't seen you so protective over someone since.
Yn
4
<( [
Have.-
3
2zkp
To keep going?
Vll
7
Cllk
You have grown so much. 0 0 uh
Ren _
