Purple hyacinth
Episode 74
Aw , that's cute. clak
I've never seen you so protective over someone since
I am protecting my own interests .
Don't make it in my interests to get rid of you too. get off your high horse, kieran.
I won't kill her if she's so useful, at least for now.
I can be very patient when something catches my eye. d
Beside ive got other casual mlrders to entertain myself with in the meantime. other clueless police officers?
Mostly rich people, cheating spouses, scared quitters. gr1  i mss hunting down double agents. and the bounties they came with.
Your venom has gained quite the reknown.
The purple hyacinth might be dethroned at this rate.
Il see you around.
We should spar more often, don't get rusty.
Not many of 4s choose blades over firearms nowadays. we've got a reputation to uphold. pick you and i chose blades over guns for very different reasons , belladonna .
Will? where are you going?
What is he doing?
Thk
Zd
T0
Is that you-
Rafael?
Uyt
Oh ren. yol've grown so much. umye
You remember who i am, don't you? abel sandman november 26th, xxi7 ~date of time: 130 of death: car -cause to allow facial rece face is too halani report 'death: ~estimated accident charred vbuf
Ih
I'm not here to hurt you, believe me. i know you must have questions about your parents. why i'm alive. what happened to them: i have everything you need. hk
K8
In exchange_ i will need you to do something for me.
Something very simple: practically nothing compared to the help i can offer you.
I will need you to find picture for me. you either already have it in your possession; or it is kept in the police archives.
'i 8 2
'1 p joce ika nar anslow's picture?! mcroz sl hae j'wt
I see you know exactly what i'm talking about . you took it from harry anslow the night of his arrest, didn't you?
How can he-?!
That picture is the only remaining evidence of my involvement in the allendale tragedy. i want to turn myself in.
Do you think i wanted to help blow up a train station? murder children? i knew nothing of the phantom scythe, but our mutual friend dragged me into it i owed tim sake a favor and before i knew what i was getting myself into - i was a prisoner in their claws _ they had too much against me but _ a few weeks ago_
Everything changed _ i have nothing left to lose now .
Betraying the phantom scythe is suicide: so i want take down as many people as i can with me.
Harry's picture is part of the evidence i intend to deliver to the police. i need it back before they toss it .
He held on to it from his time as a journalist assigned to the inalglration.
Made a pretty penny selling those pictures.
Enough to quit photography for good. but he only realized what that one was last year.
Becalse of the scandal between sake and you , of all people:
He tracked me down and contacted me. he wanted dirt on sake, who has never been beloved by his colleagues, as you probably noticed. anslow knew nothing of my true intentions obviously .
But i've got to meet someone soon: i was supposed to meet him at the golden clover on 3oth to buy the picture.
But apparently lune got there first . i showed up in the middle of a police raid to anslow in cuffs and the picture gone. but then i heard the sinclairs daughter was an officer at the precinct that arrested anslow.
I started following you, hoping to have you retrieve the picture for me.
But as i was following you-
I realized you weren't just any city cop .
No, you've been actively trying to unmask the leader and apostle vii.
You are lune.
And youve been working with the purple hy acinth . 5 8 sons eon
Ja
