Th
7rp
P
You're his brother?
I didn't even know he had one. not surprising. and you're his friend_ i presume?
Yes. hm.
Im sorry_ i didn't mean to intrude: it's alright olr relnion wasn't planned there's a reason you never heard of me_ sfvp
If you're brothers. how_what.
You heard him: i abandoned him:
So ten years ago  i just_ left.
Without any explanation. without saying goodbye: i'm afraid all that weight of the hawkes family fell on william's shoulders afterwards.
Ap leave him alone.
It'll only make it worse if you go after him right now.
~zu
You walked out of his life ten years ago- i dont think you know him best anymore .
74p
Cevvl (wum]
Mnpt int
M"
Qywhuk m
Will. qiu nkt ophmua
Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 77
Chhm
I didn't know you had a brother .
I-i used to have a sister too. daena -
She laughed unabashedly , and always had a story she wanted to share. i loved listening to her stories.
She was like the sun. everyone was inevitably drawn to her joie de vivre:
She was also fearless.
Actually , that's why sometimes other people were scared of her.
I still remember that time she chased down a man twice her size- with our garden gnome becalse he was harassing olr neighbors.
It's been a little over ten years since she died.
I keep meaning to tell you-
~i'm sorry for leaving so abruptly the other night . this. this was her watch. i kept it after she passed.
But don't worry it didn't break when you dropped it . it stopped working a long time ago
Even a broken clock is right twice day . i aii xii xi iii
Ll > vi i don't know why your brother left . or what you went through after he was gone_ blt it seems like there's still a lot of feelings there. quartz viii vii
I know_
I know i shouldn't be this angry _ if anything, i should be overjoyed to finally know that he's alive:
I'mso sorry about your sister.
No. no_ will. you have every reason to be angry_ it's okay to feel like that_ it just means that_ you're hurt. and that's okay_ you know?
You don't have to hide your pain behind your anger.
I mean; you're angry at me all the time. and look at me, i'm still here.
(cklz
I get why he did what he did. why he ran away.
There are times when i wish i colld do the same_ escape everyone's expectations ghp
But i can't do that. becalse i feel like i have this responsibility to fix the hole he left for us. hole i thought i could fill.
Hole i've been trying to fill for ten years, but it turns out i cant.
Mother is on her death bed and. she still wants to see rafael. even if im here. even if i did everything after he left.
She can't see me. it feels like i'm living someone else's life.
I know i'm not in any position to say this. but maybe you need to let go of this grudge against your brother. 7u]
Not because i think you should forgive him. 7u but holding onto anger is like poison you think you're offering the other person. only you're the one who drinks it . he stole your past already .
Are you going to let him have your future too? and lok one day he might be gone for real and then this resentment is all you'll have left of him: tpi
Alright! dat our shift is probably over. prf
Let's go eat something , my treat!
Not waterm- ~not watermelons.
Ill treat you to whatever you want . probably. bland toast with sugarless coffee? seems like it'd be your favorite meal. yeah; nevermind chwli
Im kidding_ alright tell me what do you wanna eat? let's find something warm. my butt is freezing! i literally cannot feel it.
Yeah, something warm would be nice.
Bzz -
Pum
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
