Then, what are you going to tell them?
The truth
Purple hyacinth
Episode 80
Well, kinda.
So let's recap . last night _ you went to the carnival at 7:20, entered the big tent at &:00_
And then left about halfway through the show around 8.30. correct. right after hestia's number.
And you were alone the whole time. you didn't speak to anyone.
Yes, i went on my own: i only spoke to the fortune teller at the carnival, around 7.40_
And..ah yes, the doorman when i left the tent . they can both confirm i was alone. and you left becalse you saw sake in the tent? yes. i noticed him mid-show, walking up to the backseats_ and knew i had to leave becalse of my restraining order
And you expect 4s to believe that? are you sure you didn't accidentally scratch him with a little golden viper venom on the way out? first harvey , less than month ago.
And now sake. people drop like flies around you , sinclair.
There's been a phantom scythe assassin using this same m.o for years. almost a decade of cold cases! lalren was only a teenager when they started. oh sweet irony gkip
I know precisely who the killer is for all of them and have to keep my mouth shut . nothing prevents her from copycatting and making it look like it's someone else's job.
Golden viper venom might be expensive, but it's nothing your family can't afford_
Hermann, back down.
We can't jump to conclusions without even a shadow of tangible evidence. until then, she's not a mlrderer. yeah, only until we get the evidence. sinclair , you're benched until this investigation is over i'd put you on leave, but i want you in the precinct where i can see you:
I want someone from the department to accompany you wherever you go from now on.
Yhm and will inform chief sinclair to keep an eye on you as well_
1
Fup
Transcript chow s cn detective lauren sincla_ witness tim sake 704
Sake: but i'm not ! would never kill him, he was my friend! have no connection to the phantom scythe! sinclair: of course not ! it' s terrifying, isn it? insidious_ strike s0 suddenly_ nobody is safe sake : yes ! ever since the allendale train station tragedy nobody could've known they would strike there- what horrible senseless massacre__ sinclair: what did you say? said std lying bastard _ they
Allendale train station tragedy _ huh_
Before i was transfered to the patrol unit .
Was a detective. i worked on a case a year ago which got me kicked off the investigation unit .
That's it? bullcrap that's not enough to make someone like you
Lose " like that. there was something more to it =
Wasnt there?
But that's not what this is about , is it? you aren't mad becalse i killed these people:
You're mad because i killed anslow . what's your connection with him?
How do
You know him?? baad eae 0iefa edae oiraioae 4020 8 8 at ? na t2 0 # ncrodi 40 eafe sake j88 " ever since the allendale train station tragedy nobody could've known would strike there- what horrible senseless masaaer sinclair: what did you   say? i 0840 yina baarard_ they
What did you see in that picture, lalren.
A couple of days pass
7d
Dwl
What's going on with willame? he's barely breathed a word to me the whole week. even though we went to eat together after sake's case and everything was fine!
You what _ you guys never wanted to hangout without me as middleman before_ all it needed was getting myself kidnapped? maybe i should get myself kidnapped more often_ i don't get paid enough to deal with this lieutenant . no, he's not getting paid enough to deal with you.
So.
Are you coming to the new year's party? on the 3oth?
Last year was so much fun! it would be l-lovely to have you with us.
Ah. yes. the joy of seeing coworkers drunk.
Priceless blackmail material _ if youre there , i definitely cant miss it _ odnt sed hekieey
Ehdwp?
Too many pent-up feelins in this room badwap? ehduhp?
Lalren,_ ready to go home? uau
Yesi slan
A week already _ they haven't found anything on sake yet -
But i suppose i should count my luck for not having his murder pinned on. not officially , at least , except in hermann's eyes.
With all this going on, i've barely had time to think about my parents. or dylan.
Thanks_ detective wood_ i'm sorry again you have to do this because of me_ il see you tomorrow no worries it isn't your fallt _ see you!
One more week to go before sandman reaches out to me.
Of all the people i would've expected to help 4s he was at the bottom of the list. can i even trust anything he said that night?
Sgl not like i have many more options.
Hey.
Kieran?! what are you doing here?
I've been following you from the precinct and you didn't even notice.
With the number of enemies you've racked up in the phantom scythe-
~letting your glard down could get costly very quickly. not only in the phantom scythe, now .
At least there isn't a bounty out on you yet.
Oh wait _ the king wants any of my accomplices's heads.
Were you waiting here just to remind me of all the great things happening in my life lately?
No, i actually have something that might interest you.
What? sep
I have what you need to prove sake's guilt in chow's case.
