Please turn on your sound
Yes! just like the allendale train station tragedy_ nobody could've known they would strike there- i, for one was shocked crmka
~he's part of the phantom scythei
A year ago...
I messed up . why does this rage take over me so easily?
Hand me your i.4. badge. it wasnt mei im being framed! i swear im innocent _
I've lost my authority to change anything
I'm sorry, maria.
Why did i come here t#p
788 hey _ 10 8 9
Im det -
Officer sinclair. i helped working on chow's case: i didnt kill him!
I know we'd separated but i still loved him: i can't leave our dalghter all alone outside!
You're the only who believed me. i don't know why or how.
But you are the only one who knew-
Right, the next train will leave at 10.45.
The years to come will be the brightest ardhalis has ever known. ~that i was innocent . youre the only one who can help me_
Please help-
Maria:
I will do my best .
Bag
Purple hyacinth
Episode 82
It's your time to shine
Detective.
A few days later._
Her version of the story fits what we already have. clalk
Sake would've had the time to break into her apartment and leave before we reached the crime scene: it wouldn't be the first time a witness has wanted to change their deposition once the killer is dead. except , we already locked a killer behind bars.
We don't have anything else to prove sake's guilt here. it's one woman's word against the evidence.
Maria could have been framed. that wouldn't be a first either.
It's pretty simple, actually . he could've drugged her with the black market sedative lauren found on him last year. and how do you intend to present this to the court?
They won't revisit their sentence based on such flimsy speculation.
If you take a look at this, you might change your mind. there are other cases that could be linked to this one what the hell is this, sinclair? last time i checked_ you were still on suspension.
You're not a detective: you're actually a suspect in this man's murder. what tells me you didn't bribe the poor woman to help your case?
Captain hermann. my
I am not trying to overstep the boundaries of my suspension.
You may dislike me because i let personal feelings affect my duty a year ago and you're right_ i have messed up _ but this isnt abolt me. and this isnt about you. 44
An innocent woman has been rotting in the tower for over year_
And last time i checked-
It was our duty to uphold justice in this city.
You can't redefine justice and bend the rules however you want .
(itmua
[w captain hermann , if i may interject . lalren is clever and perceptive, and has never given you a reason to doubt her morals.
Her hypothesis has never been completely improbable.
And the witness's confession just now changes everything . ive looked at the file she compiled on sake and she's got enough evidence to open an investigation: we cannot just discard her work. and i strongly believe she might be right _
Whether what this woman says is true or not. it is our duty to re-examine the case. and admit our mistakes if there were any .
Uf
Fine. you have my althorization to proceed with the appeal_
Detective march and detective cooper will be in charge of the case. sinclair will be able to participate as a consultant due to her knowledge of the case.
But nothing more
Get back to your desks.
2
I thought he'd never agree.
The battle is far from won , but this is such a relief_
Thank you for stepping in for me.
You've done all the work, sinclair , and it's impressive: pkt
Cooper and i will not let it go to waste.
You should probably rest_ though: bet you haven't slept mlch these last few days. il be going home_ the new year's party is tonight , but i assume i'm not invited no-! it's not fair of him to do that to youl
If anyone asks, you have my permission: what. is hermann gonna say about that _
I'l deal with him. i'm getting good at it anyways. i should probably ask for a raise.
Hahahai you should_ and thank you. that's very kind of you. not sure it counts as rest _ though.
Better than working or worrying all night . il see you there, then.
Yes. might as well enjoy life before jail.
3 s&e bar
The future. although it appears solid . the tower has been built lnce adi tower the 
Ly hi?iadl mistruths and dellsions. the world as you know it will come crashing down before you-
3 ~stricken by the lightning bolt of truth. there is no escape from this destruction. i've never believed in that stuff ~they were apostles.
But she was unnervingly right that night _ khip
And that_
Someone around you has or will stab you in the back _ doesn't sound like anything good open your eyes , laureni
If i was blind to this what else am i failing to see?
You may think your enemies are hidden in the shadows_
Geak
Zhint what am i doing? i can't let that get to my head.
Fnocz
Huh- {rab
Aaahhhi kym, let me g0!
Tonight is the night i'm going to beat lukas at his blackmailing gameiii but you're the one he gets the most dirt on every year! yeah this is going to be the opposite of restful.
Ahh! mr. white is herei let's go in!
Wait - kieran's also inited?
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
