Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 84
Hey kieran, where are you going?
Oh you know , it's close to midnight . gotta flee before my carriage turns into a pumpkin and my clothes to rags.
And you're leaving without saying goodbye t your coworkers?
That's very rude of you. i don't belong here they're not really my coworkers and even less my friends_
Il see you around
Wait , i- pvll
Look, kieran, you. you don't have to go becalse of me. i know yu. you won't do anything_
Ti ghten
Actlally i've meant to- ~i've meant to thank you for helping me with chow's case.
Grip
It it means mlch more to me than you could know .
The only bright spot in a very awful week, really. haha. so, genlinely.
Thank you, kieran _
Shvt
Hello weaklingsi! sanbrid get your lilylivered asses over here for a drinking contest!! the last one standing winsi
Losers have to g0 sing on stagei
Kieran is joining!
Excuse you?!
Pnw es
Yeet our first contest ant kieran white!
Oh! did someone say drinking contest? no-no-no-! you mislnderstood, just g0 back to sleep . wle wloke]
Sup n
We need more constestants!
Your lieutenant is up for the challenge everyonei 8 (leerse
'worte sahd
D d tatdur mamsters  ~satbrida vorie
~they were apostles.
No.
S&e bar clil s&e bar
What a night 
Yeah. your precinct is a great bunch
Kym is just as crazy as the first day i saw you: aul
Knu hahahai that was the best preview yu could've had of kym: she's always like that _ oh, pfft . yeah, definitely better than my first preview of you. a foot in my face. charming _ i think meeting you lying on the floor catching cups would have been better.
Oh yes. definitely the best version of myself.
You're a lucky man to have seen that, subordinate.
2
Phu)sif
A betrayal. a painfll, unexpected but inevitable ending
Someone arolind you has or will stab you in the back.
No i just want you to know that i will not calse you more harm than i already did i sincerely mean it
Get away from herei
Ill deal with bella.
No not him.
And he deserves to know
Hey -
There are. a few things i need to tell you: geir
A lot , actually .
I-i suppose i'll start with the beginning_
I didn't tell you the truth that day. floosh
When we calght anslow at the golden clover. hmm, yeah: you found a picture in his notebook. ~zwosrd
You told me it was related to yolr demotion. exactly
I always wondered what on earth you saw in it i reacted so violently to it becalse i recognized sake in the photograph_ the picture was taken on the day of the explosion_ near the entrance of the allendale station. but _ the real reason i lost it was because -
Sake- sake was in my parents' car, with my parents' driver.
Abel sandman.
Seeing him with sake, i knew it meant he had to be involved with the phantom scythe.
My suspicions were confirmed when i ran into sake the other day . sake was involved in the allendale bombing and sandman was their getaway driver. i see  your driver was already one of them:
Yes. and at the carmine camelia, i heard sake mention another man: robin delaney_ was in the car with them too
I still don't know why. but delaney's dead and i couldn't find anything on him in the police records. ive never heard of him either.
Stop
Kieran. there's one another thing sake told me when i saw him: vu 
The day of the tragedy _ hh
He said. vn
He said they took children with them on their way out _
Have you ever heard about this?
Do you know what happened to them? or if there were others?
Hsh
Hlyoder
P
Ree
Oh_ yes, the kidnapped kids_
The tale is known within the phantom scythe.
They _
They're dead .
Vl
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
