Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 85
4
Hionu ju  victims of the allendale train station tragedy and those who perished while braving the danger to help you will be remembered . thank you in peace. again for. accompanying me here today. if it wasn't for hermann- pvil
No, you don't have to thank me. i have_ my own visits to make here. i won't be too far!
Dylan rosenthal _ xxo5-xx17
That day we buried an empty casket.
Planted a tombstone with your name on it.
Yet a part of me never buried you. everyone tholght you were dead. blt you weren't in there. and if you weren't _ then you colld've been somewhere else_
Somehow. alive. you could have but _
'they're dead ." even if you were one of them: you'd be gone now.
You're gone
Everyone's gone
All of these victims becalse of one man's crazy dream to change the world. becalse our rulers chose to ignore their people's suffering.
Were my parents responsible for this?
Did they know?
Dxop
My own parents _ i don't spvy want to believe it but _ z1884
They created this very thing i swore to take down. piac4
Whether they wanted to quit or not-
They were guilty
1
Rachel adwell alexander sinclair james sinclair x982 xxiz xx980 xxiz
And i never noticed anything.
Never heard any lie. never- how could they? why?
Nothing is worth so many lives destroyed nothing_ blt i'l never know_ 74a s70p
Their secrets died withh them:
7o/ xx980 what am i even supposed to believe at this point?
83o why is it always the same thing over and over again. 8
I've come to know so much. yet -
8 8 %o i know- ~nothing  glnko v
7 it isn't like that in our precinct. everything here is so. different . <
Are you really that different , though? he was right _ it never ends. not like this
As cops, we're battling the phantom scythe_
But the phantom scythe was created by the system we uphold.
An endless vicious cycle:
Carefll, sinclair . you'll end up catching a cold.
Did he lose someone that day too?
Yeah, sorry _
I think we can go_ alright , let's leave. zilf
Thanks for not running away . i probably would've been too scared to face hermann again: hahai hahaha, you're welcome.
Elows dom
Oh! i think it stopped raining.
It's crazy how time doesn't change anything. march rosie = xxo5-xxil
It's been so many years. my daughter, rosie, she would've been yolr age, you know.
You reminded me a lot of her when i was visiting your parents when you were little.
Yeah, i remember a little bit . you worked on cases together_ two brilliant lawyers, really . but my parents , they they arent who you think they are rosie was only six_ rosie ] march
And annabelle_she was the most exceptional woman i have ever known . 'leigh x98 annabelle = march
I've spent so much time wondering why them? march rosie xxo5-xxii
When so many criminals are out there, unapologetically living_ there isn't any reason or fairness in it if there's one thing i learned with olr work - ~is that we don't get to choose whom tragedies fall upon_
I knew you had a family but_ if i may ask, how did they pass?
Rosie was. sick. we had tried everything we could but we couldn't save her. and annabelle. she fell into the bloody hands of criminals that have been plaguing ardhalis for too long . x98 'leigh annabelle = march
She was murdered?
I am so sorry to hear that.
So am i_ it's why we became both detectives, isn't it? to restore balance in this world .
(( 0
Fighting for justice seems noble and naive at the same time.
I joined the police academy with so many ideals, all shattered in only so few years. there are definitely many wrong things with the current system but_
In the end it's all about what you are prepared to do and what you'll defend with all your soul: if there are things that are wrong , you must try to make a difference.
Didn't lead me very far.
How can we defend these ideals if the system is constantly keeping you on the ropes for trying_ you fighht 
But is it really worth it? the things i've done. am doing . i deserve what i've gotten. all my life i've been told to let things go_ that there wasn't anything i could do about them; that it was too late or pointless.
Or that no one would believe me. i should've listened . just look at the disastrous outcome of chow's case.
Forgive me, but - if there's one thing chow's case teaches us-
~is that there are calses that must be defended. even if they seem lost . even if you're the last one standing.
Zhuby
Yes, you have committed mistakes.
But what matters is how you move forward from this point on . learn from your mistakes.
Become a better version of yourself to fight for your calse.
Ifyou stop fighting now-
Will you ever end up regretting it?
It is hard_ i know. believe me i do_ when i open my eyes in the morning , when i feel the warmth of the sun- or breathe in the evening breeze.
It reminds me that they're still here helping me fight in this system:
And i fight for what they've given me and what they should've been given in this life. and i'll continle to always do my best for them_
So what about you, sinclair?
Okay, let me do one last thing before we leave.
Do it quick. i have to go soon and i believe you have a big party to attend to.
Yes, it won't be long .
7p
Tx
Dylan .
If you're 4p there somewhere.
With everything that happened in the last months- i didn't know what to believe anymore_
Blt one thing has not changed
I will never stop fighting for you_
I just wish you were by my side.
To guide me_
Somehow. a
Vnuk kpuk ulhk
And the new year's party
Begins_
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
