Please turn on your sound
G2i yooooodouooooodooo duw 5
It's been over a year- ~and they still think i'm unfit for duty_
Purple hyacinth
Episode 8 aye, lauren!
Kym!
Hermann's being a jerk to you again , huh?
Don't worry , nothing happened_ you know that don' need your weird 'ability" to know you're lying  right? ah-ha. well .. the captain thought opportlne to remind me of my mistake again today bah! _ don't understand why they're being so rough on you: it's not like you're the first person in this department to ever screw up. yet , hermann's singling yol out like he never has anyone else:
I suppose i gave him a good reason to.
Then why isn't your uncle helping you? he's the chief of the police! this has gone on long enough!
Come on, kym i can't take advantage of uncle tristan's position:
Didn't need his help to become detective and won't usf to get my rank back either i'd rather end up on the streets than do that . know you would_ it's their loss, anyway thanks_ kym_ see you later! try not to terrorize the poor sods in the shooting exam! pssh_ "terrorize"? don't even know what that word means_ see ya_ lauren!
Pabl pavr
Payl
8
Good morning , fresh meat!
Ifyou dont match this marksmanship_ ~im going to fail you so hard youll wish you were deadi
In the exercise of our duties, we left behind the personal.
The political. the subjective.
We were to maintain peace and order impartially our identities not only protected, but subsumed by the masks we wore. rzeral
Under this symbol, we werent individuals.
We were an entity. veri we were the ardhalis police department . did you hear? the purple hyacinth struck again last night! 3
Yes, how horrible! poor lady grayson!
Rumors are spreading like wildfire. once , l made the
Mistake of forgetting the mask. teleph
Of letting personal resentment guide my actions.
It cost me my rank as detective, eephonb exal
My self-respect ,
My credibility.
And still i found no answers. abka
Your pretty golden eyes look pensive today , dear lauren. i swear i'll hit the next person who says pensive" _ 'eyes"_ and "lauren" in the same sentence_
There is no escape! your disastrous dates are too iconic to be forgotten_ kym told me all about it _ may i ask what's on your mind? hm?
You've barely uttered a word since we left headquarters. you look like you're plotting a murder be careful, grumpy cat might get jealous.
I can hear you , hawkes there's nothing to worry about, will, really . maybe i'm plotting your mlrder_
I'm just bit tired, i didn't chug two liters of coffee like you did this morn -
~ing . lesthurhnt e fine lung
U
Did you hear about the ph: last night? it's terrifying! hear me out! it's already been ten years since the allendale tragedy ! the police still havent found anything! anthing! you can count on your fingers the number of active phantom scythe members they've neutralized!
And last night . the purple hyacinth reappearedi
Is this really the "protection" our city deserves?!
Hes right ! we deserve betteri
That's right !
The music is available on spotify , you peasants. vk jom
Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co-creator co-creator and artist
