Lady neyra elena darcy _
Purple hyacinth
Episode 87
Good evening
It's been a long time, william: and nice to finally meet you, ms_ sinclair you look just as lovely as they describe you.
Thank you_ glad you arrived safely . you are as ravishing as always, lady darcy please, let me take care of your coat_ and you're still as gentlemanly as ever, william:
You know, i was relieved to hear from my father of your serious interest in other meetings. chqle
My serious int - ah, yes!
I was excited to learn you've been invited to the sinclair's party. i would love to keep you company tonight . me too. i really enjoy these festive gatherings. and i would love to pick up the conversation we left off last time.
What's_ going on_ by the way, your place looks splendid_ ms_ sinclair _ would you mind showing 4s around? oh, it'd be my pleasure.
I'd love to go horseback riding with you someday , william.
That'd be lovely, yes. i've heard you are an outstanding rider, lady darcy . there are bealtiful tracks on the outskirts of the city that i'd like to show you. that's very thoughtfll of you. my father was right when he said you'd be perfect for me.
Your father flatters me i'd love to see your parents soon: i also can't wait for my grandmother to finally meet you. how exciting!
Okay _ that's enough 
I have to do something about this_
A 71p yrke
Tvc/
Huh_
At me why you to was i not this? like looking are it? catch supposed
'were not supposed to catch it . you m it lead: follow and drop nad
An
Oh , i dont think i feel so good_ oh my god, ms. sinclair , you look so pale!
Poor darling! lemme take care of those glasses.
Lalren are you okay?
William; you should take your friend upstairs to ill be rest. fine on my own.
Were leaving here:
Okay
Don't worry about the glass, i'l ask maid to take care of it . alright . i'l be back. terribly sorry about this. no problem, i undestand_
I will join the other glests in the living room: i don't know how you noticed , but thank you.
Lfak
No problem:
Ahhh the number of times we ended up on this balcony , rlnning away from the other guests.
Admit i'm tempted to escape through window like kym would do_ where is kym? as hlingover as am, hope_ i invited her and her family this year too_ but she declined. and understand her: she said she wouldn't feel at her place in olr bougie parties_ couldn't agree more. no offense_ but i'd also rather be miles away from here tonight _ however im sure she would make this night unforgettable for everyone here: sigl only an ambulant catastrophe like her could save us from the dullness of this night .
Are my ears deceiving me, or is our lieltenant starting to like his sergeant? in what world do i look like im even tolerating this lunatic toddler? i already have a fair headache babysitting her. and she thinks that now she can look after me?
Why is nobody listening to me?! it'$ exactly what i saidi
So _ she looked after you, huh?
Gke
Alright , then, keep your secrets.
What about that girl your father sent you to entertain? neyra elena darcy _ right?
Well you know_ apparently i am of marrying age and she's from a_ noble family . what more can i say? i-
I have nothing against her, she's lovely, but i_ pick
You. ?
Nothing
Okay will, but who really makes you feel like- lauren .
I need to tell you something_
Lately_ i've been little out of it , i-
I thought you should know.
I saw rafael _
What?! where? i saw him at the circus a few days ago.
The pianist _
If he's part of the pantheon, it means that he's been there for a while. gnh?
Hard to believe, isn't it? ten years later.
Not even once did he reach out. he's probably been back in ardhalis city for years, for all i know. not a single call, not a single letter.
Rafael had a tattoo on one of his wrists.
Just like the messenger
Glp
How did you react? i lost it. when i saw him. i couldn't believe it. you know .
All these years, since the atst.
I've hated him from leaving so abruptly . for leaving me behind .
But . i've also missed him. he never told me why he left. am sorry, uhere the train am about william:
Don't even knuvy wish could take you to take will take me wish you one with me, but it is me: 'find itun you heart to forgive day i've understood him becalse growing up i realized what he had fled. will impossible:
But i could never forgive him: x x ia wl` '7uk 7u1
Ci and knowing he's been out there, living his best life, while mother.
All these years _ i didn't even know if he was still alive. 7/p
But that didn't stop me from thinking about all the things i wished i could tell him. tap h_n fhlf
He used to be my hero when i was a kid.
And from one day to the next_ i had to start acting like that he never existed.
Kh
I've never seen my father angrier, and my mother so. broken-hearted_
Hey pat
Anyone in your position would have collapsed so long ago.
If i ever bump into him, i'l beat him up. please don't do that haha.
Will, look at me.
I'm proud of you, you know .
You were a little rascal when we were playing together hahaha! but even back then, your father didn't want you to become too close with people who. weren't as high perched in social hierarchy as him.
And the son of a gardener, even less. he made sure to rarefy the visits. but look at yourself now . you've grown into a strong resilient brilliant man.
You've stood up for your mother, admirably . and no matter what happened your kind heart never changed.
And that's incredible , you know .
And this can't keep going on indefinitely , will.
You have to stop living for somebody else, you hear me?
You're right . we should head back inside before they think we actually ran away .
It's not too late for that_ you know .
Hahaha! threei
Two!
Onei
Happy new yeari
Maybe a glass of water will miracllously make me fall asleep .
Sigk
Tf
I
I thought everyone left.
What are they doing up at this hour?
They are all so stubborn and their ego so inflated- a
~that they simply refuse to accept reality! no matter what i do; no matter how many chances they are given.
They barely concede to anything and side with the queen almost inevitably . philip may wear the crown, but the reins are in lizbeth's hands. am i right hand for anything at all? you've spent all of your time as right hand advocating for the betterment of this country.
Trying to open their eyes. even you can't fight alone against an entire cabinet of ministers. blt now it'$ coming, just like ten years ago _ the storm is stirring.
Only , this time, the phantom scythe has had an entire decade to grow in power. it's no longer just a_ handful people ready to blow up a train station- ~and tie up a dead man to be heard.
It's ready for so much worse.
Ever since the aevasthers ordered the assassination of those poor people. hsy
They signed their own demise.
M
