Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 88
It's ready for so much worse.
Ever since the aevasthers ordered the assassination of those poor people_ htbsy
They signed their own demise. mk
I had told them: i told king edward his policies needed t change. the discontentment was ever growing. but of course, he never supported criticism very well. philip is not that far from him even if freedom of expression was slightly improved on the surface: gpip
There had been other minor protest groups before that eventually vanished.
But the snapdragon were the first to know so much about what the royals had done: i remember their pamphlets. falling down from the sky, their throwers never to be seen.
They only made five editions of those pamphlets in the two years they were around _ but every single line , in all of them; was nothing but absolute truth.
Taxes after taxes, cuts, false promises. protests were inevitable , but they were all shut down. shle
Anything close to what the snapdragon published was illegal. 1n  and tracked down by the secret services. journalists, radio presenters, politicians.
X lay people lost their jobs for much less_ were interrogated_ some had to serve time in jail and some disappeared _ edward was intransigent and cruel.
You have no idea how far his crimes go.
The members of the snapdragon knew it better any one else. anything connected to the snapdragon was eradicated. the texts, the headquarters. their members_
Assassinated even when i became chief after hawkes' promotion; i barely had any information on this. it's probably one of the best kept secrets of this city .
Only the highest ministers, the secret services and hawkes knew about this at the time. is i was there all along. i colldn't do anything to stop them:
And i couldn't say anything after the deed was done.
Hey. pk
February 25th of xx16. exterminated . in total secret.
You're a good man, dakan. i know you can't always believe it , so let me:
Someone betrayed the snapdragon, tristan.
The group managed to keep a complete anonymity _ and all their headquarter hidden for almost two years.
This is why the leader has always been so unforgiving of the people who want to abandon the ps. do the secret services know anything about the leader's next move?
Not for now. 'synijin
No one knows
"
Leaver
Hey, look at me. 'ymijia
We're going to be okay.
All of this this entire time because of the royals. the snapdragon's work dismissed as an anarchist pack of lies by all the official newspapers_ we were only a handful of members back then, closer to the apostles. tap
Apparently , the leader was one of the snapdragon survivors. do they know too about my parents? and the very few others became his first apostles.
They pushed the man before the leader over the edge:
Is that why my parents followed him? driven by the same anger? how did they even escape the massacre? and all the ministers knew _ even will's father blt it was forever hidden: dhhmr ~km pai
Hhy imalp
Hu
Wuk htk
Ki one down, two more to go_
Ppe
P zp
Why are there lights turned on?
Creak
Sp
D
N-neyra?
2
Fancy a cup of tea?
Bella_
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
