Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 92
7
Mah;
Hmyr
Ha
You didn't have to leave me alive.
One last thing_ i want to thank everyone who signed up_ for the security team at viscount redcliff's ball on the 17th i have forwarded the list to lord rhysmel lieutenant hawkes and sergeant ladell will hold a session for all vollnteers soon- ~to discuss preparation and coordination with other precincts_ that is all for today _ dismissed.
Dakan was right to order police presence
With phantom scythe members among the guests and circus crew_ is the entire circus pantheon involved?
And we still have to figure out what flemmings will be doing there with the others i didn't join the security team because- ~infiltrating the event the old fashioned way will reap better results but they will be there too_ belbl
Gelt
We haven't talked since that night . they're dead _
Do you really think. fww _
The purple hyacinth is leaving flowers next to his victims as a threat to the royals? no_
Wait _ mr. white.
Sorry for bothering you- i need to take a look at some paperwork i left on your trolley earlier.
Zgzp i think i forgot to sign something _
Gloves? viurln=
Oh no problem, officer sinclair. it should be here- we have to talk . can we meet at your apartment tonight?
Wah , look who' s in a rush. did you miss me already?
I think it'$ preferable that no one sees you anywhere near my apartment for now . klsh
Ffrwn
01, sinclair , lieltenant hawkes is briefing 4s on the itinerary change. what are you doing?
Let's meet at the cave after work then.
Coming  randall thanks for the file, mr _ white. have a good day
Ladell why are we here? we shouldn't be investigating employees at the carmine camelia, hnnngg that weird lady swore she saw lune here but no one was able to confirm. we don't have time for this. we should be looking into security protocols for the ball i know what we have to do! meet me at rosalind's cafe in an hour! allons-y! gods_ toc
An hour later..
Hissmg
Jque
Mqpe clinc cling
0 fola tp
Ladell, are you smok- auulug] nic
Yes im smoking hot no , this is special agent white swan .
Agent swan special white
And you. your code name is black raven _ sln
Acent raven ja1 spec biaack
Okay_ what is tt this? wash
First mctrevor, anslow, blakesley and colden e= killed by the purple hy acinth almieih tkotelo hotel iiutic | ice cesttnga
Four people with four different backgrolnds. then there's sake, murdered by the same assassin as harvey soon after the night that weird lady supposedly saw lune at the carmine: december 26th, hmmm. only "ryan flemmings" had a reservation for i1pm: . l2b  hotel parc:_ uneud " calgerie "huet" unund poru-venores umillis yfracce dopique aclaue isodibiet @loraa [rubinat  cimute
That's when the weird lady was there.
Yes! it was a room for four? peculiar glests, we were told not to enter.
If the weird lady was actually right and the staff were forbidden to enter the only other room occupied at that time. lmiei tmotelo hottl uic
02 we should look into this ryan flemmings_ oae cesi (nd' eence lul lhobio doel inteuan hotet parc:_ karaaulm calgerie poru-vecdres lli = dopique ca jsocibie ( @loranml [rubinat ju =
Because it sounds _
Suspicious . zwv
(l usta qotelexdalmiici hotel aiuttic jce desi (0: eenoe lu2 lhorio jolel uv ieuen hotel panc:
I can't. smoke de gyie monteil dal oons fran this was a terrible decision. i've seen his name before_ he's a banker , if i recall correctly . begus ciabri dubonnet tonioueau ouinouina {fof 02 but we don't have the slightest idea who the others were. kiose acareils  dcuto f ercuvont envoi [biscottes grecoirt [biscottes grecoirt
Li begus and nothing guarantees that woman didn't confuse the security guys for lune. z something must've been going on.
H would you like to order anything , ma'am-
0' lauren _ goddess of deduction .
Lend thy powers to my humble mortal self_
Wash
It'$ not working! lauren has abandoned meiii! you know, you can just give her a phone call at this point . yes, mss.
I would like to order a hammer to knock me out of this cruel worldi
Haha- don't mind her, miss! two 80r5 cups of tea please hello police? i'd like to report we are the cops! hey! could you keep it down? oh my! is that you mr. evans! so you came here with your wife this time? hotel jadisok _ wash
You have a wife?! sul dri
Oh_ that isn't his wife. anyways _ black raven , you know what's curius? sake was killed at the circus, right behind the artists' tent of all places_ didn't seem like the type to go to circus shows for fun im not sure how that connects with everything else, but there's something weird . n gxus
What? that lalren was at the circus too? yes that. and that the circus royale's next big gig- ~is the reception for redcliff's ball _ hmmm, okay, and? cuauk .
Dra and don't you think it's weird that lalren didn't sign up for that?
That surprised me too. but knowing hermann was reviewing the candidatures. [biscottes beus i8icr dubonne; maybe vin tonioucau quinouina she thought she'd get rejected anyways.
It's not really like her. dr she's been trying so hard to redeem herself since sake. i'm worried for her. you know
Tim sake.
He's back in town. i know, it was wrong of me to follow him: but could i really just
Ignore him? after all he's done? could yu please keep this between us?
Cross my heart and hope to die-
~you're giving me anxiety , but il comply. after sake's mrder, and the new leads from chow's case- dri i wolldn't be surprised if she tried to investigate that circus further. but wouldn't the security team-
~be the perfect cover if that's what she wanted?
Fe d well exactly which is why_
Which is why what?
You know what i mean.
I think lalren .
Js lune
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
