Please turn on your sound
Purple hyacinth
Episode 94
Tb
H
#ch
How are the radio transmissions fairing? cck}
Overall, the signal's been clear sir. a bit patchy now and again.
Alright then. il be sure to adjust the rooftop equipment - if the wind knocks it loose. keep me muh posted, it looks like it'll be a storm tonight .
Zhlg
Pit brt pk
Pat lloyd inc. glass factory since x975
Wc ueys lld t glass f sfactorv
Did you manage to get hand on the building's plans?
Nope_
Do you have any idea how to reach the basement?
Nope_ then what are we going to do once we're inside? spuat
Do i really look like a guy with a plan? ywbh
Jvw
Osig
Ladies first . (nk
Rft
Iab it's only been a few days since the beating is he going to be okay? wc
So what do we have here?
" look, they're all armed.
Quuck
7hmk 7ok
I hope there's another way down to the basement .
Why? i'm sure they'll give us a ride if we ask nicely . and they're unconscious. i don't think that will be necessary.
Are you ready to do some molntain climbing? let's hope the elevator doesn't come back up .
Cuang ghhv cling
4
Mn (
Fragile
Kl
Oh, it's just a mirror.
The weapons are probably hidden in some of these boxes. there are so many. nsth
I don't think they would mix them with regular merchandise. (reak
3 53 maybe the guards will lead us to it.
Zp
Wof
Wou fug
Flolwn
Should i trim my mustache?
Ufkskj ehhsdaj shda?? ?7?
Hey dude, why are you going towards the stairs_ we're supposed to take the elevator. the date has been moved up . we're gonna have to start moving the stock up  the trucks will be here in a couple of hours. coming -
Stairs.? this must be it!
Po ' 8 int
~
Pwuls/ /
T tm there's no one.
Looks like it's pitch black .
Looks like this is the place: isie aaelbi n fy cye #racil
Cemlli aen meeietril zoe
Look at the crates. fhlacid iarel
It's the same logo as on mctrevor's papers. #lcthi
 is mn 1< 72 country h0 slate h c assport dirver telltet ma report iction transa insirucions)  conducted transacfioni profes: uded code cs ferstal ast
Gbhll
Mirrors again.
Clever. they've been using the factory's shipping business- to smuggle in and hide the weapons_
Sur
No need to open more boxes it will only make them suspicious if they come check. i don't think we should stay here.
Kieran?
No_ wait . over there.
What's up with him? he's been acting weird since we got down here_ bring the light over here.
Crth
A single one of these crates would be enough to blow up a good part of this factory _
So you're telling me. that all of this.
Drngu ggle
Js nitroglycerine.
The date has been moved up. we're gonna have to start moving the stock soon. the trucks will be here in a couple of hours.
Kieran .
We need to_ dingi
We have to move everything from downstairs tonight?! boss is crazy!
Stop whining . at least we'll get what we've been waiting for earlier than expected. pv
Twp right  the date has been moved up _ it was abolt time for this revolution to start
We need to alert the police .
Now _
Let's make it spicy: rreaders"  tears co-creator co-creator/artist
