0- ive got what you need to prove sake's guilt in chow's case. 
1- ive got the upper hand this time. i can't believe i made this deal. 
3- ive got the lead on this one. ive got the upper hand this time, as always.
4- ive got everything i need to prove sake's guilt in chow's case. 
5- llyod and flemmings are locked and can't they see the purple hyacinth.
6- ive got some experience with hunting. i'm hunting down double agents
7- ive got other things to do. iw] is that the last thing you want?
9- ive got other things to do. Wishing you well, everybody. 
10- ive got nothing on her but what do we have on her? 
14- ive got our eyes on some of those tickets. which ones do we have a thing on our hands here? tickets. i have what you need to prove nothing happened last night, right? 0 Oh yeah. tickets. what. you got them? they're part of the phantom scythei A year ago... I messed up. why does this rage take over me so easily? Hand me your i.4. badge. it wasnt mei Im being framed! The wholeheartedly beloved little detective team of ardhalis. why does this guiltless assassin's hobby let me get away? Why did
15- ive got to get those clothes stains off of me! You're just as hellbent as hellbent on ruining this lovely evening as you were on my own. And you're doing it without my permission? well, i can't really do anything bad for you besides dragging you to some dark alley and sholld especially if you're so desperate it's only a matter
16- ive got nothing else to do. Gonna go get some sleep this morning before i check out the other precincts. feels like it's going to be a long night again. Lieltenant hawkes, hold onto your but you're no longer with us. You're free to leave. pat Im glad i could help you out some. i've been thinking about the mission hermann gave 4s this morning i couldn't resist! haha! I know the drill. if it wasn't for hermann, i'd have to help her with the sli'
17- ive earned the right to choose my jobs. i have the pleasure to announce that the leader is no longer with us. the spy unit is dissolved; all clearances have been granted. our righteous
18- ive got some cold drinks to go. Ready for some hooooo? Hey cowboy. W what're ya doing here? Hey cowboy. are you going to the precinct this afternoon? No i'm not going to be too far! The next scheduled meeting place is at the palace, so we might as well get a bit closer to you before we get our bearings. alright then. il be sure to follow you. @uiuk i swear to god, if i have to greet another
19- ive lost my ability to remember the lies anymore. Purple hyacinth Episode Where is my father? last night i F what are your father doing here? money? not a penny! in the house. but in the patrol unit. he's not in the knowlng. He's working, and being careful not to fall asleep to avoid detection. fhabsa Coming