What if you believed You knew better than Anyone else. Because unlike you, They can't see the lies. Yet ironically , For the past ten years, You Have been The blindest of all. Purple hyacinth Prologue Stop! Krist schaefferi you are under arrest for planting a bomb in the homstons theateri tell us how to defuse it and we might show mercy! splashl Sh*t. Hey pigs! You think you can stop the phantom scythe? You're nothing compared to us! you value this city? you value your lives? one more step . And you will die. pok : It's a grenadei! Everyone get 'outi! run! sht! splas' N' Splashl woosh= Officer sinclair? ! what are you doing?! you wont make it in timei lauren dont! M #cough* Zscolgh smoke?! The bomb was fake? Fav Red or blue?! What? which is it? Which wire? Talk nowi! tell me how to defuse the bomb or i swear to god iwill b blue 0e Thanks. sinclair here. Sinclair? how?! i have the suspect in hand . what did he say? Cut the red wire. Are you sure? dozens of lives are on the line yes Bomb disposal unit reporting the threat has been successfully neutralized Officer sinclair! God , you really scared us back there! When you started running towards it, i it's okay! The striker head was modified the lever was a lot shorter than a normal grenade: frags have longer heads for safety purposes. most smoke grenades have a shorter one because it's less lethal. Well, i'll be going now, officer harvey. got some paperwork to do back at the station! wait salish See you tomorrow! sinclair. every time: wait isn't the department the other way? B blue ie i had always been able to hear lies. and you will die. Growing up, we were taught not to lie. slur? wh. spl We were taught that lies are evil. But sometimes The truth is worse: And for someone like me i stopped it I stopped it this time:. and yet. There were moments i wished i never knew. Allendale Cross nor zine do police apd Th ie kvlltin veainn Oxom I needed to Keep going. Lalren? splush You did good today. Thank you. But Without the truth Wmp Wvmp Nvmd Wved Hck hck It still wasn t good enough thvhe thvmb But i never thought Id team up with him to find it.