Somewhere we won't be overheard my , my , who's the scandalous one now? hahaha! You okay there? Yeah! Wck After you officer. Purple hyacinth Episode Home , sweet home! I can't believe you've actually led me to the purple hyacinth's lair: Would you stop talking about him as if he's not me? I'm just Stunned speechless by my incredible taste in home decor? Yes, i know. Ryobsh What the Grab weapon: long talks bore the devil out of me, and you and i are in for another one: Might as well test your skills while we're at it do you really need to after last night? if i remember correctly , i defeated you. Then you should also remember i wasn't actually trying to kill you: So officer , what do you know about the phantom scythe? not enough dobce they've been organized under an anonymous leader for the past decade though at first it was just him and the thirteen "apostles" They're the ones who claimed responsibility for allendale train station. T he kvlvton Akom After that , they started recruiting more. i still don't lnderstand how they got the numbers they did. you'd be surprised what people will believe when they're hungry . they said their aim was to create a better world without social hierarchy bl When you're not noble born, that's pretty appealing. These days we're down to seven apostles. only four of which are the surviving originals the rest of the first round were either assassinated or killed themselves and i gless not all of them required replacements pelease How many phantom scythe members are there now? hundreds. hard to tell precisely . come on, what else? if this is all the apd knows, we're even worse off than i thought. The phantom scythe's first public act of terrorism was the allendale train station bombing on november 13th, xx17 . The city was inaugurating a new railway , financed by the late king edward. He was killed in the explosion, along with many infllential members of the government and the nobility . n deaths. 328 wounded dodot loble And 176 reported missing Kroe Gr1b klc Noom Stay focused. If you can't finish telling me what you know then i can't tell you about my lead . Let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist