Episode 16 let's start with the lies you were spewing while my gullible partner played investigator. first , you weren't only in charge of transactions, and you didn't do them alone. You were working closely with other people: Including apostle vi!, but you've never gotten a letter from him. Now, i'm sure he didn't risk visiting in person or calling you, and he was avoiding a papertrail . so he probably used an intermediary to relay spoken messages. a person with whom you will have a meeting sooner or later: How could you ?! I can read your mind , darling . your deepest darkest secrets and desires. you can't hide anything from me. i don't believe this nonsense! And just now , lying again! you're afraid i acthally can, aren't you? You may think you're smart , but you won't you lied earlier, about your children. you do care about someone, don't you? you're not married and there're no children living under your roof . Must've been born out of wedlock. no need to confirm he's your bastard i don't care. twek Let's not waste time arguing , since we're already on the same page. i don't know who that is! must be from one of apostle vi!'s files. You can lie all you want , mctrevor, but we're going to find this kid, and then. well. you know what happens. unless you tell us about your business with the phantom scythe. Hmm: as expected. she's useful. What's your role in apostle vi!'s operation? i oversee the weapons imports and manage the front business we make everything look legitimate! other people take care of the papertrail, i clean the money Give me the names of the people you're working with and their responsibilities. Harry anslow and ryan flemmings! they're the only ones i've been in contact with! I don't know who the others are. we're all merchants, we were using each other as alibis to cover up the real transactions. and the operation itself? since you lied before what's the apostle's goal? If they're not for "fundraising" where else could these weapons be going , i wonder. Somewhere like rebellion, perhaps? I swear i don't know anything else! Dont try me. c ten years ago, the leader promised us a better world , free from the tyranny of the royals! you're right rumor has it that the weapons are being imported into the city in anticipation of that long overdue revolution The time when the people of ardhalis will take back power in the city is coming! Wonderful! See how easy honesty is? W what are you and your subordinate planning? "subordinate"?! whos the subordinate?! me?! Aww did you hear that? subordinate it suits you! im the one who proposed this deal, you ungrateful ! i basically hired you. yes, but look how useless you were tonight! Amateur what do you think you would have done without me, huh?! You'd still be crying over your broken nose because of all those brickwalls yolr investigation keeps running into Wow . "crying" Bold to assume that i have ever Okay. so if you're both busy arguing can i go noi now tell me, you must've kept records of your past fraudulent transactions! or at least your communications with your phantom scythe friends to add to the alibi: Perhaps here? no i didn't keep records. Here , then! no! what about here? q no god dammit ! itold you there' s nothingi Trass consbrs pull Ah hah! look, my dear gullible subordinate! it seems like we've found the jackpot! Repont heton tcns encueleu transacfton peoncluded: ort It also seems like we're running out of time. in a few minutes, the police will be here to arrest you: they already have everything they need to put you away for the next twenty years. there's nothing you can do about it , the evidence is undeniable. have fun! We'll be keeping this. If you want the kid to live, you'd better cooperate and keep your mouth shut about what happened tonight . one last thing when the police ask you and you inevitably cave tell them you saw two male individuals. & culrec N his home at cisely 11:11pm it 1s is envelope 1 that time . evervwhere A 7 i n ia x x r e tol Wishing you a wonderfll time in hell, sir! @1nou# Lune. Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist