Episode I can't believe it's working hell, i can't believe i made this deal in the first place and with the city's most loathsome criminal! i don't know if i'l ever stop hating myself for that . If the police ever find out, i'd be better off dead. and yet, our deal is sealed and it might work out better than i expected. I can't stop now but the worst part of it all good morning , officer sinclair! a aye lauren! How long will i need to lie to them? Is it true what they say? mctrevor was finally arrested? yes, he was found tied to a chair in his office seems like lune paid him a little visit before us detective march said he'd never seen him so scared before I don't know what lune did to him, but the show must have been delicious. um who is lune? And how could he succeed where a dozen detectives failed? Are you kidding? all of this is actually fantastic! i'm sure it's some sort of ex phantom scythe member trying to atone! a new secret informer? They must have a couple of brave spies within their ranks. only one of them could have had that much insight into the phantom scythe's operations! ugh, kym, please stop being smart Maybe lune is a rival merchant dealing for the phantom scythe! they compiled all this information over the years and finally decided to leak it . officer harvey wood patrol unit i1th precinct ardhalis police department Youre right harvey! he'd be hiding under a pseudonym becalse of all the shady business he's also involved in! to get the weapons contract for himself! in any case, the file is surely the work of a specialist . I've heard the i.u. guys talking about it. they even looked for traces of fingerprints on the papers there's nothing to give away his identity . this gy was really careful. he already knew exactly what we'd be looking for in identifiers. Why are you guys so worried? it's wonderful! justice will finally be served thanks to lune! Or, this entire story is just a ploy to divert our attention from something rotten hiding beneath the surface. Lune has yet to reveal his face, let alone his true intentions. it's naivve to put this man on pedestal so quickly . s1ep Good morning , everyone good morning 1 siri At ease, officers So, what do we know about lune at this point? what did mctrevor say? Detective march is with him right now . the only thing we got out of him so far is that lune is apparently a team of two men. Do we have any suspects yet? is there anything we can do to help the i.u? not for now . whatever we do, it'l have to be discrete: that's what i wanted to talk about . The last thing we need is the public getting carried away with this masked vigilante showing up out of nowhere. consider that information top secret until the trial We'll deal with the official announcement then: what'll happen to mctrevor in the meantime? can lune's evidence be used in court? Lune's work is eerily complementary to what we already had in our archives. everything in the file already has serious detective work to support it . detective march thinks we can replicate it in time for the trial, and present that file. he will appear before the judge tomorrow and face all the charges he's escaped the past years. In normal circumstances, further investigation would be required before lune's work could be considered actual evidence but the i.u.reproduced and verified everything The final decision of the judge will probably have to wait until we identify lune: But mctrevor will certainly be incarcerated in the meantime. Whoever or whatever lune is, he will not be able to hide in the shadows for long. i will not tolerate being toyed with by a coward hiding behind a mask. If he is half as smart as he pretends to be, he should know that my patience is very thin and that whatever crimes he commited to assemble this file will not be overlooked. I will make it my personal mission to catch this individual and put him behind bars for good