Aaaah, who else is craving watermelon? this woman is so random: Purple hyacinth Episode Where is my sweet handsome butler? i am lost without himi What am ito do? what if something terrible happened to him? Good evening , my lady can we help y ? waaahhhi help meeei i am so desperatei i dont know what to doooooo! Y yes of course, my lady , we will help you. what is the matter ? are you looking for someone? O t+ dear lord. Um. what? oh, please excuse me, sir! I was just dazzled by your gorgeous face. Haha haha ! choke But it's not nearly as handsome as my dear mr. butler's. ooohh , mr. butleri how i miss himi Wherever could he be? Hahahahai i cant since you seem to find the situation so funn ladell youll be in charge of this case and an related paperwork at your orders my not nearly as handsome lieutenant what happened to your butler my lady? It all began a couple of nights ago! some athletic vagrants were running all over my roof in the middle the night! i was very scared, but my sweet , handsome , courageous butler reassured me but now) he he has vanissshed! what if it was the purple hyacinth stomping on my ceiling? or this "lune" they talk about?! that's two people right? it sounded like two peoplei @hale one of them seemed much lighter than the other maybe it was even a woman! What if the purple hyacinth has a partner?! A aahhh, or maybe one of the two men is just very skinny what if those uncouth monsters kidnapped my dapper shiny mr. butler ? when was the last time you saw him? 0 soribbl e We were walking to a reception, and when we turned the corner, he he d disappeareeeedi it's been almost ten minutes already! @raw = I promise, we're taking this case very seriously , my lady . my despair is bottomless! i need to be at the reception by 7 0'clock! what time is it now?! slnpi Ladell, don't you always have that pocket watch with you? 25 what's the 5 time? l= oh i forgot it today 1 3 70 Kinda woke up in a rush this morning , haha! but don't worry! i've got this! Almost That's kym for you. ladell, what on earth are you doing?! entreating the heavens? rock climbing on air? imitating a raccoon?! Shut up! im trying to calculate the time with the position of the suni Ive got to concetratei Who the h ? guys lady arthinghami My beautiful handsome but leri i thought id lost you foreveri my lady! my butler! My lady . My soles were weeping at the thought of never being rubbed with brussel sprouts scented cream again! i will never abandon your feet , my graceful lady! Looks like it's case closed! so. still up for watermelons? suapl su Aye! let's go! this calls for celebration! Oh my god not watermelons again . come on; don't be a killjoy will Wait , kym, let me guess the side pocket on the right , huh? you mean my watch? that's not fair, i'm not going to play this game with you. Even if i lied, you'd know. hurry up grandpa, or we'll leave you behind. Vti = Tunp Srck Bang brn ( Pa)ng bang lan Pang Su Bang Fovembe ath, xx Bang Prn ( .24. Nng Ha .h Tch Time never turns back, does it? Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist