Hmti hmk = hmmf 0 no! Greetings from the leader: Purple hyacinth Episode 1 7 hours ago:.. Sh Lauren? are you listening? hm? your eyes look pensive today but i must admit , i've never seen such pretty golden eyes before sh that's what they do when i'm bored I presume your beauty and charm have left trail of heartbroken men. haha, thank you, mr. evans, but i highly doubt it . wiak But if i ever did, i must have been too focused on my work to notice. Oh yes, i understand it's the same for me; my parents own the evans company , and i'm supposed to take up the business after them: so i've been working hard to not disappoint them: but all they ever care about is how i'm twenty eight and still not married! I mean, i'm single, so what? it's okay to god this bastard is cheating on his wife. 0i Aayeew! laurenww! it's meww! Kym You knon i really respect the risks poucemen take everyday to protect this city, Once i was shopping and some vagrant barged in held the cashier at glnpoint! so of course, i immediately threw myself between the poor woman and the criminal it was just like instinct , you know? save me please your wish is my command: it was just the right thing to doi and P2an se echi Oh no dear lord! it is my blind friend! please excuse me, mr. evans, i must go help heri it was nice meeting you you cant just run off like that! dont make me waste my timei sums Youre right you really shouldnt waste time on me. maybe use it to help your company out for real this time. Or spend some more of that time with your wife? What? that poor woman. married to a cheating bastard like you. But you know even though you're such a human disgrace , i've still dedicated my life to protecting ungrateful cowards like you. it's just instinct , you know? have a lovely evening , mr. evans! qelease Heh. Kymi fold) ikon pan Stop you can't afford to lose your brain cells yet. bc? bah ' Thanks a lot , kym: i was dying i swear to in there. god next time you're the one banging your head on the window. No, i'd be smashing the next guy's head out the window. still though, i'm fascinated by how unlucky you are with these weirdos you're trying to date: please don't say this one told you your eyes are pensive too? don't even get me started. Uncle says that dating is part of moving on, but But Hey. Only five centsi ten years! restrospective on the allendale train station tragedy! I'm fine, kym: here, five cents. Thank you, ma'am no, thank you. rnal Ee 3du" allendate will be held qf the victims tragedy station vears wemorial ( after (eremony ix the mames = Come on lalren, tell me more about your date! Okay, you're not going to believe this. so first he Oh! good eveving , lady lauren! you're home late. work again? nhv Actually today is my day off! anything i can do for you? no thank you, lucy i think il go catch up on some paperwork you should sleep soon! yes i will your uncle is already asleep have a good night nonetheless, lady lalren uncle and his household have been so kind to me he always treated me like his own daughter. He made their absence bearable. Clilk le joutue vol ten years after allendale station tragedy memorial ceremony will be held in the names of the victims cross Ol ad e 13 tin d a It's been ten years. and i moving on? who am itrying to fool? spp ! Onrtl Q9 nro&bc Hello? officer sinclair here an emergency? what happened? 45 whiteriver street? yes i'll be there Cuacki woosh N the jale staton allend victims taun [ iragedy ] 300 than 1 more 1 1 amm wilt be , years of ihe victims cerfmory e (morial = names Vaf dar 4e tp casy @e unsolved unsolved casu; klendale sation f Ten years later, and l allendale train statiqn tragedy courict araget tat nfer e hundreds ( multiple e 1} ; citiz?' = osio} Celzbrationet allenc station inet .still couldnt do Anything for you