Wait for me in that corridor, it leads to the storerooms in back. Il lure anslow there so you can knock him out without being seen: Get yourself a cabernet sauvignon first . he'l like it My stalking skills come in handy sometimes. Pft haha. Purple hyacinth Episode Quhk clk Clang Hey there handsome you look lonely tonight I've been sneaking peeks at you and i noticed you can't keep your eyes off me: i must admit, your pensive pretty eyes captured mine: tttttt7 4417 aaa iaa aa aa jaf a; ha aa hhr jhh well, you never know the dangers beauty hides. huh i like danger. maybe you should show me some more. Hahahaha! hmmm, bold i like it. But i've got to meet someone soon: don't worry i'l be quick. Hahahahaah! you're so funny! Youre so strong! hahahahahai Oh! what a fool i am! i forgot my purse at the bar! wait for me here! Cucr lluk Pals| Ah. finally . one more second and i would have puked his carbanet sauvignon on him. Ammonium carbonate this'll wake him up . ammonium (nh4) 2c03 carbonate} W what's going on? where am i? helpi! Don't worry , we won't take much of your time. we're actually quite in a hurry So if you have any desire to live: i would advise you to keep your voice very , very low. What is your role in the phantom scythe's weapons operation? and what do you know about the seventh apostle? how do you know The quicker you answer the questions, the longer you'll avoid getting yolr throat slit I'm only a pawn in the operation! i don't know anything except that it's happening! Sgh why is it everyone's first reflex to lie even when they have a knife to their throat? perhaps i should use a more convincing method? like removing a finger or two? stbi Y you're the ones that got mctrevor! word gets around fast! are you going to be as fun to torture as your friend? don't hurt me! i'll cooperate, i swear! i don't know who the seventh apostle is i don't think anybody does except the leader! did lobk and what's the operation for? not Some sort of rebellion right? your leader seems quite bold for ordering such a thing. i joined the ps because it gave me opportunity to make easy money and gain reconnaissance as a merchant . But the revolution is long overdue: it should have started at the allendale train station! strike when the royal family is most vulnerable: the death of king edward was the perfect chance to overthrow the whole system: it's about time the leader made a move! it's been years! Clekl Nud The rebellion isn't happening at all, is it? what about telling me the true purpose of these machinations? chop chop i don't have time for your hateful little speeches but i no! that part was trlei heliedaboltadksfjasdlfk ukl cl cuack9 cyckl (uack' ccick' @uck" cd" Stopayelling! what the hell are you saying?! You don't need to sign , dumb*ss! he lied about the apostles identity! yol colldve said that from the beginning! i did! Not myifallt yol rbblindi flshi we need a better system for next time: tsh Nod So. you say you doubt anyone's met the apostle: but i'm very sure you already know someone who did. Seven knows better than to leave paper trails behind . he must have sent his personal messenger , right? alip flip I want at least two officers posted at every single exit of this building! we wont let lune slip through our fingers this time! Purple hyacinth znd album ost will be available for streaming on oct 7th, 2019. music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist