Susy trodsh Splfsh; x ba ; thvmp 7tvmp Snau What the hell was that? have you gone completely mad? spy Hey Caasl zame #se. was any of that case or was everything eporrays just if you already want to ruin this get off me "ienv (elqate What happened in there? what did you see? i said get off . Next time you plan on going off the rails notify me in advance: sluh So i can kill you before you do both of us in. Skrs Damnit Purple hyacinth Episode I may have stumbled upon a crlcial detail tonight . tttor at# fa I know it, even if i don't know what it means It's him i'm sure of it geak Lalren. it's very late, shouldn't you be resting? Yes, train you're right , station uncle qurict i didn't even realize the time. are you alright , my dear? allendale tragedy We had a pretty hectic day at work! i think i've been running on adrenaline since i got back don't worry il sleep soon couricr somehow i doubt you'll fall asleep standing in the middle of your office, brooding over the past . you're still obsessing about that boy aren't you? i have been told so often to turn the page that it's become almost shameful for me to admit Lauren. it's been ten years. I am still stlck in the same chapter of my life he always worries, but i can't help it. Mail g 6910 + I cant you need to get rid of this damn board you should have done it a long time ago I would've, but i can't do it for you. it's up to you to find the strength to let go The boy is dead lauren If all these years and none of your ceaseless searches have uncovered any signs of life, it cannot be otherwise. how much more time will you waste running after corpses? I know lncle. i still. think about it , sometimes but believe me, i can see that all this leads to nowhere. please , stop worrying so much! i'm fine, i assure you: you should go to sleep and then i shall do the same: Good night then. sleep well Thmi Thmhp Cuckk| Henthl a illendale icen S8 grip: That night ) i realized: I had overlooked crucial details. Jx4 4' What i assumed to be true about the past was wrong. detective sinclair! why wont you listen to me? ! All 1 knew for certain, Was that you deserved justice. And whatever [ found in the end, 787:"1 "at/. auuleda kautr ponmado; nmal; mtar uz Pn 59) p 09re] ito i needed to know who did this to you. 1 2 matazi icuia hta ra hane jcncorn auzulada "r tonmdo . adog But nothing prepared me for the truth. Let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist