Purple hyacinth Episode No n od gks thuhpl Surrender and we'll resolve this calmly , ma'am: An entire squad of police officers saw you do that there's no use trying to run. you have the right to remain silent anything you will say can and will be held against you in court. Nodl nod You have the right to an attorney . thvp skrs If you cannot afford one 7ov Mkhri Grhb @l One will be provided for you in the interrogation room: William hawkes, lauren sinclair , impressive team work . You both have passed your last physical aptitudes test . Yud ve mei all 1ne requirements to enter the intensive training program you have refined taste in jewelry! but your shoplifting skills lack that level of elegance. lieutenant hawkes speaking We are at the intersection of delph street and saint isidore street. skzke The suspect is in custody . please send a it's for my motheri please, i know what i did is wrong but she's ill and i need the money to pay for her treatment ! Lieutenant hawkes? shale Yes, sorry. please bring a car. thank you: Even if it's for a noble cause, stealing is still illegal. you didn't hurt anyone, so you might be able to get away with just a fine. you're of more use to your mother if you're not behind bars so maybe next time you should think twice before robbing a jewelry store in broad daylight fovce Edi Let's hurry before kym takes over the entire city. In step limp meatbagsi Or before she starts hunting down watermelons instead of directing the patrol. Hahaha haha! Hey will, i know you don't like to talk about your problems , but something's been bothering you lately , right? i had a lot on my mind too Is there anything i can do to help? Thanks, lauren. well, i won't lie and say nothing is wrong but. You know i'll be fine: So don't worry i'l handle it. those words That smile he never lies but Is it your mother? Lamong other things, yes. Sorry, i Pat; I know it's okay I know if you don't want to talk about it i understand. you don't have to You know what? we should hang out, one of these days. It'll take your mind off of things, at least That's a great idea: i'm sure a little distraction wouldn't hurt you either you recidivist workaholic I'm afraid we'll have to go in disguise or the women of the precinct will try to burn me at the stake: Hahahaha! then i'd fear for them and not for you. Alright , let's go When will you finally let down yolr walls, will? You've held them up for so long Ill Handle It you need to break them: Before they break you. Islata! grmb v Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist