Episode Hi there, darling It's been a while, i hope you missed me: oh q What do you want? Our little break gave me a lot of time to reconsider: should i just get rid of you? or do i bother to ask why you went berserk on me? And what did you decide? Well, obviously you're still alive. so my curiosity seems to have got the upper hand this time. after all, we made a pact to not kill each other and lucky for you, i am a man of my word so officer what the hell did you see in anslow's notebook? That's none of your business. krvk Cr4#p ao4 tlo Yes, it is my damn business we're partners and this is pertinent to the investigation there are things i have to know before you blow it during an interrogation There are a lot of things we don't know about each other, but we made a deal: no personal questions. This is not a personal question: this is about the evidence i found during our mission. It /s personal. i looked through it and nothing was relevant to the case: we may have made a rule against killing each other but nobody said anything about harming zakale Before i was transfered to the patrol unit . I was a detective: 1 worked on a case a year ago which got me kicked off the investigation unit . That's it That's it? bullcrap . that's not enough to make someone like you lose it like that. there was something more to it Wasnt there? srcj You asked me and i told you. i saw a picture i didn't expect him to have and it took me by surprise. That's all you need to know. i lost my grip and put us in danger becalse of it , i know. I'm sorry. You don't need to worry about anslow. He doesn't remember. the knock to the head you gave him made sure of that , so fine. you've got guts and i like that. Only fools have ever dared to challenge me. But next time things g0 to hell because of you. Im letting you burn . What happened in the golden clover that night won't happen again: Lauren? Unlike you, i haven't wasted the past three days sulking . i've been investigating beatrice blakesley . We'll start to prep the file tonight and pay her a little visit this thursday night. you know what to do telua ze journal decembcrtitl x21 team of justiciers masques helping the police ally foe? Again, my dear lady my deepest apologies for disturbing you at such a late hour: You may return to your slumber if you wish, or simply wait for the police to arrive. they should be here any minute lackl Milady ! youre late. you really thought 1 wouldn't take precaltions, lune? After seeing my associates drop like flies the past few days? anslow is an idiot , but i didn't get this far by being careless. Time to g0! clackl Get themi fools! come back! you were supposed to untie mei wvl fmw Clamg clang i Pleosh? How timely! Just when i thought i was going to miss my training regiment . these dummies are godsend. Cianh Cu g! crahh' ` wkatk Eld i twist Casks Krsh / Tmmp Kr