Assassins For a decade, they terrorized ardhalis city a6:0 No one had ever seen their leader terrorists Thieves Killers All united We called them:. The phantom Scythe And that night They claimed another victim. purple hyacinth Episode Whiteriver street whiteriver street Kym! will! you were called in as back up too? officer lauren sinclair patrol unit nthprecinct ardhalis police department Hey lauren: Yeah we must all live close to the crime scene lieutenant william hawkes patrol unit 1th precinct ardhalis police department i can't believe they called us in on our day off sergeant kym ladell patrol unit ilth precinct ardhalis police department and for a simple homicide! just because it happens be in our precinct! nobody knows the area better than we to do If the culprit is still somewhere around here, we have the best chance of finding him i know. shut up lieutenant . I was only told there was a murder, and that the culprit escaped the guys on night duty are all busy with an armed robbery on the other side of town. detective march is supposed to join us with more backup soon. Clauk ! Help! please ! d don't know what happened! the lady miss! please try to stay calm, you're safe now you did the right thing calling us right away can you tell us what happened? where is mrs.grayson? i i was having trouble sleeping bah But then i heard sounds coming from lady grayson's room! bam I wanted to make sure everything was alright . but then i saw the b blood s so much blood and a limp hand sticking out of the doorframe and i i ran away step whsh I was s so scared. it seems our backup has arrived. Lieutenant hawkes! what is going on here? detective oliver march investigation unit 11th precinct ardhalis police department detective march! good to see you: we were called in about the murder of lady grayson we're just about to search the house mn A gunshot! Across the street ! sht miss get inside and stay away from an windows! detective march , please protect the witnessi lauren kym with mei @ang | Over therei Someone escaped through the windowsi Lauren wait ! damnit ! kym, follow me. they might still be alive in there. Siep Sht he is actually fast M bah! Let's g0! clhki The gunshot came from upstairs! come on. If you think ill let you slip through my fingers Sir! are you alright slam sht hes dead oh, no! surely he's just sleeping! can't you see he's trying to charm you with how drop dead gorgeous he is? Shut up kym. it's not a joke. this murder looks like. lieutenant? It was him He was here. What? Laureni i have to stop heri Shell get killed! Ha! dead endi Ie got you now Zaad "clangi Jvmp Crap i dropped my gun earlier hell kill me at this rate Akrgh; On that night You could have killed me. But you hesitated, And [ didnt know why. If only i did, Everything would have been different . Well be backi writer writer and artist ephemerys sophism @ephemerys ph @deadsophism (official ph meme page) (music and art page) donate on patreon