k thank you again for working overtime to help with the arrests the rest of the squad is going back on patrol, you're free to leave. pat Im glad i could help although it's a shame we couldn't catch lune we were so close this time! at least what the other witnesses said is right: they looked like two men better luck the next time i suppose. i doubt this is the last time we'll hear from them: il stay behind for a little longer to finish my report see you tomorrow detective march! don't stay up too late, harvey Purple hyacinth This episode contains images of graphic violence which may be disturbing to some readers. discretion is advised Episode 30 Oh hey, harvey you're still there? Yeah, just finishing some work, i'll see you around! Ths Argh, i have to go to the archive room: rch Hm? God the department is so creepy at night ix d i better finish my work quickly and get out of here as soon as possible. Thvmp Clid< fhf Reak Colden was talking about the lonely travelers. do you know where it is? yeah it's located in greychapel, one of the most dangerous neighborhoods of ardhalis. it's not far from one of the phantom scythe's favorite hang out spots, the grim goblin, an underground tavern. My bet is that he has some sort of meeting with another member of the operation there: perhaps even the apostle's messenger, if we're lucky So we're going to follow flemmings there as soon as he gets back in town: I am going to follow him: even you had particularly ardent death wish wouldn't let you set foot in the grim goblin . they smell newcomers from mile away and they'll tear you to shreds until you've proven yol're as wicked as them: charming supposed t' infiltrate the inn while he's out then: touche officer: pob Listen, huh: i don't want this to get awkward and i knows it's random but i'm sorry for pushing about the flowers last time: Ha, you i gless we are even now, officer. Creak . Hey, is somebody there? Sling 0 0 ( o 85o Twsh= ilsm Zle matihh itntiitiih bv You. you are the W kh # Shh M m" knmk Yick Swpz Gpe chss tcs Tlss Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist