Ky m! officer sinclair! t i need you to go the interrogation room and give your report to march on what happened this morning can't it wait? Well the other two already stormed off . so we'll have to start with you. Focus officer lieutenant hawkes went after her. ladell is fine yes, sir, of course. i do it grip You know the drill, i need to ask you a couple of questions, if you saw anything abnormal this morning , any clles, etc. il talk to hawkes and ladell when they get back. Purple hyacinth Episode mup Thvmp czack t Kymi Kai Mami She can't hear me z Toh Oh, no! surely he's just sleeping! Can't you see he's trying to charm you with how drop dead gorgeous he is? Aye, lauren! Aye! let's g0! this calls for celebration! Strs ts kym! chi = Finally found you: What are you doing here? Just checking if you're okay. Well that's surprising i thought you despised me. I do i'm just I'm just fulfilling my duty as lieutenant to make sure my subordinates are alright . Haha. don't worry too much. i was just a little surprised, that's all i'll be okay. You don't normally react like that though usually you make awful jokes at crime scenes and it makes me question your sanity but today you were . you reacted like a normal person? and weirdly that was scarier wah . well lieutenant , it's nice to know that you question my sanity . Hahahai it's just that when i was little, i used to see cops like some sort of superheroes. but over time, i realized how human they were: Their clock stops sometime: just like everyone else. Now when i recognize that same look in people's eyes i wonder if they'll ever realize it that superheroes die too. You seem quite fond of that music box aren't y Lal we should really go back to the precinct they are probably waiting for our depositions and infuriating hermann is really not on my bucket list this morning Golden viper, you say? yes. the forensic unit was quite positive about that i see. well, that's quite unushal and expensive, whatever the message the killer wanted to send: I wish i could find the assassin who did this to harvey and send him to rot in jail. i I could've been the one to kill harvey , you know that? what would you have done? I wouldve killed you. hahahahai at least you're clear, officer: i suppose i wouldn't expect less of you: Do you have any idea who it could be ? I have my suspicions , although i'm not sure of anything . i can find the person who did it for you. However we have much more pressing matters we need to talk about tonight flemmings will be back in town in two days and we better start planning our little infiltration: do we have enough time to build a file on him? nope. and somehow have the feeling we shouldn' neutralize him yet . want to learn more about him before moving against him: he could be useful later so huh when you said had to dress up you meant. yep i "borrowed" one of their uniforms few hours ago. And trust me you are going to hate it. fwum What the Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist