Episode Lonely traveler' s inn emplovee onlv Have you seen ms johnson today? 52 nope they said she was on sick leave ah yeah. she was coughing lot yesterday. hope she gets better soon. poor lady employee omitj lick creak 'thup Slam Ugh, why am i the one doing this while the other guy is ordering drinks and mingling at the bar? Hi!+ Looks like i was right . he's waiting for someone. Chak' N clhk Wow clack cla( Belladona davenport well, this is about to get Interesting. Lonely traverler' inn xx27 uc pai (lip name room check in check out george hawkson 102 december 21h23 peter doyle 114 december i7th 17h25 flemmings 336 december 20th 19h30 pete mark 225 tae room 336. perfect . rlip 7 1 ] 17th ryan 20th Flemmings. haven't seen you in a while. Hope you've had a wonderful time overseas. you should know, davenport things were actually going pretty well before i left . And now i hear the operation is being wrecked by rats you're better informed than i thought. We don't know who they are yet, but they call themselves "lune" so it's true? anslow, mctrevor and blakesley were all arrested? Colden too just a few days ago all in the span of two months damnit ! and the whole time i was busting my ass handling transactions and shipments in foreign countries while these idiots were wrecking everything at home four of us caught so easilyi? that's unheard they all believed it was the leader's plan and not the apostle taking over the reins himself the apostle as you can guess the apostle is furious an! ofi Hence why we're having a little meeting at the carmin camelia in a couple of days. we'll receive new directives then. What the hell Wds sq" 'sqwalc Where's the god damn room? 6il a few vocntc mto squee sqwek Mums chien Squcak david thornberry peppalisa squ david thornberrv didnt i already walk past this?! aaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaa Fwoosh report You should really take good care of these documents. otherwise. you know what will happen to you, don't you? of course what do you take me for assassin? s slayi I'm not half as incompetent as the other good for nothings. we'll see about that, flemmings. odiamhhhh , Redemptidn finally clid Leave s You know, it's not very polite to eavesdrop Mister ph. or rather: Kieran Let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist ephemerys sophism @ephemerys @deadsophism (official ph meme page) (music and art page) donate on patreon for blood and murder: datreon com/sonhism ph Editor: hb klein assistants: @neekaarts @zaphyrae @akikakies