Episode You know , it's not very polite to eavesdrop . Kieran . Tsk crumbs! there's no hiding anything from you, belladona davenport . What brings you around here? let's just say your little "secret" operation is doing so poorly that it's only a matter of time before the leader wants all of you dead. after all, four of its main shareholders are already behind bars and in the papers. i'm just doing some prep work So you knew flemmings and i were meeting. you aren't the only know it all in the phantom scythe, i'm afraid. what i find hilarious is that the bunch of you believed your operation could pass under the leader's radar: I don't think that anyone expected such a fiasco but only the pawns have been eliminated from the chessboard so far the master pieces are still well in place aren't you afraid the leader will exterminate you all? i've known you for a long time, kieran: and i can assure you that "naivety" really doesn't look good on you Crack Detective sinclair is back in the field. Tuk tuk Empty Black smoke? On the hat too Fairly fresh red marks at the edges Hmm: so he went to a place where the ground has a red tint these look like his travel clothes, so he must have gone right after his arrival. he didn't take the time to change before coming here so it was of uttermost importance. katuaa' Fct A ticket for a circus show? ;admit 9 circus That's a strange thing to buy right after months spent overseas. tne val pots badk< Cld cik At least , he wasn't dumb enough to hide things in a suitcase that can be stolen: uack ya tsk. he surely has something to hide. Blt where What do you mean? Hahahahai i'm sure the leader will eventually want to get rid of all of Them So the leader charged you to keep an eye on the operation for him and take care of the nuisances at the same time. Haha. how very perceptive of you, kieran: and the seventh doesn't suspect you? You know i've been doing assassinations for him for a while there are so man people you have to get rid of when you're taking care of the finances of a criminal organization. Anyways, he's come to trust me because of my incredible track record, i guess. Why are you telling me all of this ? Because i don't care what you do with this information. i just want to collect as much money as i can before i have to kill them all. if you run about yelling from rooftops that i'm a snitch they'll just die sooner: that's allj You never change. and you're still in your snake phase, aren't you? How tacky mind sharing some tips with your old friend about how to keep the blade as shiny as yours? i wouldn't play with that you risk cutting off one of your fingers and then enduring a very agonizing death: Yes. i've heard. That golden viper venom isn't one of the softest ways to go. Ka7ua ' It's the same logo as the one on mctrevor's files kazun' transaction concluded . report Hransac uded reotcl ort 7uwhp Thw? uhmp freeze 0 83 0o cveakz