my apartment, officer. your apart ment? you own an actual one? 0 did you really think i lived in a cave? That's what it looked like! < Well, no. i don't. besides, it's hard to heat caves in the winter. Purple hyacinth Episode At least it's better decorated in here: That's so kind of you! thank you im so glad you like my cozy little nest! wait here. Tw cuang ! Why bring me here? You're living in the 11th district . zr that's way too far from greychapel and your wounds need to be tended clong Follow me. Get over here, you're bleeding all over my carpet. Oh, sorry What did you see at the grim goblin? a anything that could help us? yes, quite a lot in fact Turns out flemmings had a rendez vous with davenport the assassin i just told you about she is involved in the apostle's operation as a sort of supervisor they'll have a meeting at the carmen camelia in a few days with the apostle's messenger turns out the apostle xi! took over the leader's operation for his own interest , whatever they are however, the leader is aware of his little rebellion thanks to davenport's intel. i guess that's another infiltration mission then: i've already had my fair share of them to be honest the wound doesn't look too deep at least i'l manage Tsk, i wouldn't be so sure about that. Th08= Thvmp What a moron you'll need stitches. I'm sorry , couldn't predict that was going to fall from the third floor and almost break my neck. can hear lies, not see the future how the hell did you even end up there? flemmings came back to his room while was still inside was hiding under the bed he left quickly though: he didn't see me. j( had to get out , but heard voices outside the door so the windows were my only option: it was also probably the dumbest and the most sure way to die Stop wincing , it's only alcohol. fa At least you didn't take your findings with you into your tomb so what did you discover in flemmings room ? i took pictures actually . There were papers and receipts from sort of project he was responsible for overseas. Some of them had this logo dc which we also found on mctrevor's stuff. and on one of his files mentioned about another associate who will return from overseas. noze: associate will return eo ardhalis in cvio weeks but there's no further information about them other than that. report ransaction canducted transachhon bee:cluded: Another associate? now that's quite interesting . smart of you to bring a camera. Alright , this might hurt. a lot. if you move an inch, i will stab you. Aw . I really have the most caring rhhi uuhggu Well thanks for the notice. it does hurt . flemming's clothes were covered in some sort of fresh reddish stains and traces of black smoke. something tells me he got those stains after arriving to ardhalis. And the weirdest of all, i found circus tickets in the pockets of his coat. Looks like we'll have plenty of stuff to look into good job officer your little excursion wasn't as much of fiasco as i first thought my partner's not dead yet , that's great you're already done? it feels like you've been doing this yolr entire life. oh these are actually my first stitches i'm just naturally talented and 2 tqhrp You learn very quickly to be fast and precise when you have to suture yourself lp . how am i going to get home now? chvckle I don't think you'll be able to get anywhere tonight Your ankle's not broken at least , but you'll probably need a crutch tomorrow . Youre staying here tonight what?! you heard me you can't walk i will not carry you across the entire city and there are no cabs this hour of night especially not in this district call your uncle and tell him you're staying at your friend's house or whatever if you must aahi You. you can sleep in the bedroom ill take the couch. gpip Did you hurt your ears in that fall? go! you have work tomorrow. il g0 fetch the bag of clothes you left at the cave. your police uniform's in it, right? alright , alright , mom, i'll go to bed inhhz And eh. do you have a shirt i could borrow, by any chance? Why? This costume is itchy as hell. What just happened tonight? what am i even doing here? How did i end up bringing her here? No one else has ever been here before: Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist