Why isn't he moving? i was totally open: 27e? Purple hyacinth Episode Thdd (lick' You have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be used against you in the court of law. Don't even bother. i'll be gone before you finish reading me my rights. You just committed murder, you filthy scumbag. you're not getting off the hook anytime time soon that you can be sure of oh, yeah? and what do you plan to do with a filthy scumbag like me? whatever's needed to deliver you into the arms of justice. Ha! darling , we both know you're not going to shoot me: i am a police officer. i've been trained to shoot when necessary . dont move. hud Well, officer , i'm an assassin and i know how to recognize murderous intentions when i see them: you, dearie , clearly won't be able to pull that trigger. an assassin? so youre with the phantom scythe? No of course not . I see. then you're right about one thing: i don't intend to kill you tonight . I need you alive so i can force everthing you know about the phantom scythe out of you before you go rot in jail where you belong . So wheres your leader? i have no idea what you're talking About . i answer only to myself. Cut the crap I know exactly what you are hahahahai That's quite presumptious of you! but i like your optimism don't worry i'm not part of the phantom scythe. But if i was, shouldn't you be fleeing? i think youre the presumptuous one: two murders in one night? right across the street from each other, and you're leaving witnesses behind? the city has seen worse criminals than amateurs like you. Aww , was it that bad? damn, i really thought i had a good run going there! two for two! seemed efficient! facing justice might be the first good idea you've ever had . Hmm: never crossed my mind actually . no one's ever been able to catch me before, much less defeat Me. lying again . give it up , scum: You've been bested before, and you were again, tonight . But don't worry , after you're behind bars, you'll have all the time in the world to try to convince people you're invincible. Hahahaha! you've got a ready tongue, officer, i like that. The bravery of the ignorant i suppose: look, i don't know who you think you are, But i made a promise to find your leader and make sure he faces justice. Whatever you think of me i can assure you it's not even close to how resolved i am. Oh. what's that? you're not doing this becalse of your occupational responsibility , huh? I'm sure n voud ffu om Police officers despise the leader, but not nearly as much as you do. your hatred. it's personal. Revenge quest , right? so, tell me. who died? Someone in your family? someone you loved? A close friend perhaps? Jackpot. is that why you became a police officer? Sht was i that careless? i wont let that happen again . click You shouldn't do that. and why not? becalse you and i share the same goal to find the leader and destroy him: What? Face it, you policemen will never catch him: even the assassins don't know where or who he is. i'm no exception: But if you really want to keep your promise; i would be your best asset you really think i would associate with a bastard like you? you're day dreaming . blt i can see he's not lying so even the assassins dont who their leader is? as much as i trust my own abilities, i know i won't be able to find him alone I need an assistant who is able to feed me information and alibis you know, a little pet? whati? you're a police officer and i'm an assassin if we pool our resources, we might actually have a shot at finding the leader. we can work him from both sides of the law. What do you think officer. theres no way i would associate with you. i've seen your kind kill women) elders, and children with no remorse. you're the worst dregs of humanity . seam Actually you aren't even humans. youre monsters. So you're wasting your words, assassin: save them for the judge: You know , it's funny how things work out . i saw your little demonstration" in the cafe earlier this evening . you've got quite a strong grip i must admit. i also noticed that you're a tiny human lie detector not that you do much to hide it so i'm pretty sure you know very well that i'm not lying right now Here's the deal: since we want the same thing, we'd obviously both be better off combining our forces. i can provide you with information on the phantom scythe's operations that no police officer could ever get their hands on you can give me that same information on the police department , or in the unlikely event your peers find anything and , if anything goes wrong , yol can provide me with the perfect alibi! What kind of idiot does he take me for?! no one ever actually plus, i'm sure that your "intuition" or whatever it is would really come in handy . Even if it doesn't always give you the right answers , at least we can cross off the wrong ones. What? how did he figure it out so easily? and he genuinely believes it? what's wrong with this gly?! Im going to help you find the leader and in exchange, you're going to drop that gun and let me walk free: If you're fool enough to try to throw me in jail, you won't get anything out of me besides, either way i'm going to escape you're cuffed with a gln pointed at your head aw , please! that's insulting im an assassin, darling did you really think handcuffs or some bars could stop me? Sh t! how did you zlar You were right about one thing , though , officer: We are monsters i kill without hesitation, And i have no regrets. rest assured that i wouldn't hesitate to slit your pretty little throat , if you ever become a nuisance it's up to you: I'm off anyways i'l give you twenty four hours to mull it over if you're interested, meet me at the bridge at midnight tomorrow. dont be late , sleep well! sun Officer sinclair here: pxvxvsh? I have lost the target. Just now, was he: ?