A 1 3 please turn on your sound I'm sorry i can't i have something important to do. I'll see you guys later! People are leaving for the reception at harvey's house: Are you coming? yes, i'm coming Purple hyacinth Episode 40 @nb Gl Their clock stops sometime. just like everyone else: Tfp Sorry. are you okay? Yeah, yeah: you just surprised me, that's all! I've been thinking about what you said a few days ago when. you know about heroes dying what did you mean then? oh it was nothing don't worry about it i was just shaken how could this happen at a police station? And none of the guards saw or heard anything? i don't know if any killer is that stealthy . do you think one of the watchmen colld have let them in? They checked everyone's alibis. i don't think the assassin needed anyone's help to get in that night are we really so helpless in the face of this?! it's ridiculous. They have more spies in our ranks than we do in theirs , kym: and our spies usually end up dead faster cuh crwu crch= So huh i didn't know you were close to harvey . i wasn't necessarily close to him: but he was so innocent he didn't deserve that . Good thing is that at least they don't suspect anyone from the office . the fact that the three of us were there early that morning wasn't really playing in our favor. It's a relief our depositions were enough and our alibis checked out . If you mentioned i hugged you in your deposition: i'm gonna have to tell everyone you screamed like a chicken. Huh? but i didnt! Exactly dhvdkl I didn't think it was necessary to tell them exactly how shocked you were: So don't worry , no one knows you fell into my arms. Wap But seriously, i've never seen you like that. are you sure you don't want to talk about it? you seemed really i'm fffiiinneee , really rl Horrible things do happen frequently in our field of work. the department offers counseling and Vgghh william; are you deaf? i said im fine. look, i'm not trying to force you: i just want you to know that it's possible Yes, okay! I think therapy is exactly what i need right now. To help me cope with you. Huh?! i was just trying to help , because i was worried I don't need your help , will! you know what , let's just forget this ever happened okay? let's pretend i fell on the ground . @upl Yes, the ground ithink iwould have preferred the ground fine, then Awesome. Wonderful perfect Harry anslow . thtpp thwp 0 you'll have visit tomorrow at 7.0pm. a police officer wishes to speak with you. 0p tr Thtte Thmmp cwlr | g10 { Hraahh ump Stwbe Dip cit Clv clmrk Curk k hhypk Cywy Kh Clav Schv you're with the phantom scythe! did the leader send you to free me? No shng' Ile A dlok Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist