Purple hyacinth Episode He murdered. all of lune's convicts. anslow , mctrevor, blakesley and colden. They were the only prisoners killed. M ah dozens of prison guards and all lunes convicts slaughtered purple hyacinth has struck again than W fo' % mol: 88 ama/ Lauren, are you okay? I kill only when i'm ordered to or when it's the only solution: Sphs Kumble S} gwd I guess we are even now, officer. Name of convict: harv vo of convict: ansl od Tohh Qlmble Kunlz Kvmblc Mmblf People of ardhalis, thank you for gathering here today. his majesty the king philip wishes to share some words on this dark day. Rubl Tshrur Silent Last night , the tower of ardhalis was the scene of a terrible tragedy orchestrated by the phantom scythe. l dozens of guards and several convicts were brutally murdered by one of their assassins. mmng# Klmngg The man behind these crimes is no other than. @evch The purple hyacinth And once again the noble emblem of our ancient family the aevasther's hyacinths, graceful flowers but poisonous for anyone who tries to bruise them, has been tainted by the blood of his victims the leader is sending us a message, but we shall not let ourselves be intimidated we will not show fear in front of these criminals. Measures will be taken to stop this individual from terrorizing ardhalis. police presence will be reinforced at night. However, you are advised to stay in your homes after dark and to always travel in pairs. if you ever catch sight of the purple hyacinth, do not try to approach him: Get away and call the police immediately I can already smell the night shifts. bruh. The bounty on his head has been raised to 25 oo0 pence. A life sentence in jail awaits him, and any person suspected of helping him; Nuuuuo I just can't wrap my mind around the fact that he managed to enter the tower did he fly there? it's basically the only way he could have made it to the 15th floor alive you forget the fact that he murdered all the guards on his way up it was a massacre , a blood bath. the prisoners are scared to death even though the only inmates he killed were lune's collars. is every person they expose going to meet the same fate Stop Clent Lauren, you're not coming? oh sorry guys im feeling a little bit sick, i'm probably coming down with something is it okay if i go home, lieutenant? Yeah, sure, our shift is over: are you sure you don't want us to come with you, lalren? Yes, no need, it's probably nothing serious. i'll see you guys tomorrow . Dpip Shrr svatuh zplash Splat Wh ss hhvr Cpack! Snhp kksh Thimp S(hink[ Cphs/ Well, well, officer. What a delightful surprise Hvfe Hvf Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist