I could strangle you smfy With my bare hands (j 4h 7 8 saat" Clkc Mwnpr You thought i was human? What a monumentally stupid mistake darling Hvri ht You aren't mad because i killed these people: you're mad because i killed anslow The selfish hypocrite? 1 and i have always been like this! slide oc Purple hyacinth Episode Spbt As for you, i don't want you in my life outside of this. I don't want people i care about involved, ever. what we do together stays between us. understood? Splif thvmp Kyk ! Clcl mhvmi? Dozens of people just died Because of us hm Famous yet? khhahn/ And he just 05237 g1ar hlk / Anhp This is sickening. we had a deal why didnt he tell me anthing? bahl You're smart you wouldn't have agreed to a deal without being fully aware of the possible consequences. He's right i knew i knew this entire time i made a deal with the devil and yet why does podmt: ! it still hit so hard? pif! It's not like i didn't know something like this was inevitable: but if he had told me if i knew that i was sending them to the slaughter house: How colld i have continued. snar They were criminals but this is not what i wanted mn! And the glards You know , despite everything i would have tried to understand ! blt that mocking disdain he didnt even care , did he? yihi This meant nothing to him why did i even bother slr Did i really believe he might have been ? Hlhata Really lauren how foolish of you . Hes a monster. Kh? he went gpip too far: pryz You aren't mad because i killed these people: You're mad becaluse i killed anslow this is not all about anslowi Even if he survived i selfish hypocrite Hw+ hurk Maybe he's not completely wrong . yh hm Selfish hypocrite, huh? staps: I want to believe that this anger is impersonal, but despite it all deep down: what really hurts the most. hnte hff Is that i couldn't find the answers For you huff Again Im sorry But even if i might have gone too far he also ! Sua Hv Hvke hvf Hh Sich Batl I wonder Is it really for you. hnp Hnh or is it for myself? becalse no matter what i do 'pant This guilt Never leaves me: thv shizodyl S = c4o st1p tsk Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist