Perfect s Phn6, 'sigh well congratulations, lieutenant , sarge. since for once the two of you have decided to shut up Would you like a cup of coffee? i'm going to make one for myself . W what did you say lukas? are you alright? You heard me sinclair isn't here which makes you two bit more tolerable dost mine ears deceive me? this dark and bitter sir has heart? such kindness has he just bestowed upon us poor worthless mortals! heavensi someone pinch mei Never mind clack Ysh thvnp Rxt Kym, i (pnp Oh damnit , i did it again 2i s@oohp Sorry! i forgot you were still in the room: i6r 0 are you okay willame? remind me to never go near you again, idiot slnp sap slrp shp 4 sshp slape slp 0 cluk Oh sorry to interrupt Clfuk This is not what you think, randalli! by the way . hermann wants to see you both in his office oh ho hoi now that's interesting! it's never good news if you're involved hop! Purple hyacinth Episode Lieutenant hawkes, sergeant ladell come in, march and i need to speak with you captain hermann detective march how can we help you? close the door cuck . It's about lune. Any progress? clues to their identity? No! and that's exactly the problem: it's been weeks, and we're still at square one. i keep studying the files there isn't so much as a fingerprint! For all we know , it could be team of two or a much larger organization. This situation is intolerablei the inaction of the higher ups revolting! "lune' may have helped us find some phantom scythe members but they will not undermine the investigation unit any longer! they may make us look incompetent .. but truth is we do need their help . clearly they had access to confidential investigations. and if our detectives weren't able to prove criminal involvement It can only mean one thing . lune knows the inner workings of both the police: And the phantom scythe. they're associated with the phantom scythe: Whoever they are, they cannot be trusted. i will not sit idly by and let this farce continue: if they truly wish to help like they claim: They must step out of the shadows and face justice. are we sure it isn't someone from this precinct? well, we're still verifying but i think i can safely say it isn't any of my detectives. We can't check the other precincts, but if lune is one of our own they must be very discrete. Considering the quality of their files. i doubt they'd let their guard down around any detective, especially march. But they might not suspect officers from the patrol unit . And this is where you come in . so youu want us to help you look for lune? Spy on our co workers? you're the precinct's sergeant and lieutenant . You're the most aware of what's happening in the patrol unit . and you have eyes on matters march might not. You have proven time and time again that you are trustworthy so we are asking for your help in this internal investigation. what about the other precincts? are we collaborating with them? I have tried. but they remain willfully ignorant . The other precincts don't understand the gravity of the situation. we are alone in this for now . with all due respect captain, shouldn't this mission go to lauren? G1@ she was by far the most efficient detective here before her demotion: and she's patrol unit now , she could help us catch lune. I agree with sergeant ladell. It's been over a year, sir. she's learned from her mistakes no 5s I don't want officer sinclair involved with anything phantom scythe related . last year her obsession embarrassed our entire precinct . it's not a risk worth taking twice. Needless to say this matter is to remain strictly confidential between the four of us sinclair will not be part of this operation. Lieutenant hawkes sergeant ladell Will you help us end lune once and for all? Yes sir, you can count on us. Well, that was unexpected i didn't see it coming either it feels dirty . i don't buy his "they must step out of the shadows" bullsh*t. well, he isn't completely wrong but to be honest , i think this is personal for hermann. The man holds grudges. he must feel humiliated . in only a couple weeks, lune's unmasked more phantom scythe members than hermann ever has. and we both know he's jealous that tristan sinclair got made chief of police. no wonder he hates lauren. I wouldn't be surprised if "catching lune" is just hermann glnning for a promotion: vmp tvmp Do you think it might be one of us? What did you do last night instead of sleeping? What? if it is. I hope hes good enough at this game to not get caught .