Good morning , uncle! didn't expect to see you here so late. Oh, you know, when lucy told me she'd make pancakes this morning i couldn't resist! haha! understandable. And it's been while since we've had breakfast together! it's been while since you've had breakfast at all you're always running to the police headquarters especially now , it must be chaos it is but still not even close to the horror of what happened . nobody knows where to turn: maybe that's why wanted breakfast What about you? how are you holding up? Hmm? Your eyebags are deep enough to bury a body in. Oh. well, no offense , but i could say the same about you. Still nothing from hermann? you've proven you're ready to return to the investigation unit . If you let me no, uncle. what i did on that case. I still think i was right. but i broke the law. I should've been fired . but they gave me a second chance. I'll continue to demonstrate an exemplary attitude. until i deserve to be a detective again without your intervention: You're the most hardworking person i know, ren . just take care, okay? don't overwork yourself. Il try uncle tristan. see you tonight! Purple hyacinth Episode We wanted to find apostle vi! because he's one of few remaining founders of the phantom scythe one the only people who could identify the leader kieran knew apostle vi! was directing a weapons import operation for the leader and that mctrevor was involved of Mctrevor led us to anslow who had that photograph , but nothing else useful. then blakesley colden. and finally flemmings Yet not a one of them knew the apostle's identity flemmings mentioned an associate still overseas there must be others. but why would they know anything more? And then there's everything else we found the company seal on mctrevor and flemmings's papers report teton transachon aeoncluded The stains on flemmings's clothes. Whatever he and his associate were handling overseas. the peculiar circus ticket {admit onf February private reception circus val tne 17th No letters apostle vi! only sent orders via messenger the only person who's seen their face Kieran said the remaining members will be meeting with the messenger it's only a few days from now. That's my best shot. my only chance to catch them, but I gless i'l be on my own from now on. Dinc Dinc Tsukx Plk sthhu You're here just in time! The messenger will be waiting for 4s at the carmine camelia this friday. i assume you've heard what happened? the apostle is furious. I hope that the rest of the merchandise is shipping , at least? yes. i brought the first batch with me. much more to come in the following days. Then let's hope that things go smoothly . now that the brainless pawns are off the board Cc s7ep 00 0 By the looks of your clothes, you must travel a lot sir! ah, this? Yes, i just came back from a leisure trip over on the neighboring continent Rl Glp pi1b Hha wuh Ou mne now; Iiow yol ia wi! wyhaou ml tat m Are va inoi tim sake. kne = So we meet again, detective sinclair. or should i say Officer? Kek