Purple hyacinth Episode 0 detective cooper, you will be in charge of this case. detective sinclair will assist you. Yes, sir. @uack Tim sake. is it? you're one of the last people who saw mr kevin chow alive. can you tell me what happened last night? nothing mlch, actually We were playing poker at the golden clover and i went straight home after. the other players can confirm, and my neighbour saw me get home. how long have you and chow known each other? A couple of years. i used work in his father's mines before i got my start in the trade business. do you know if there was anyone who might want to hurt chow? no 3 y 72 1 s70ps '725 rz we found suspicious large sum transfers in his ledger do you know if he had any ...criminal associations? no, he was an honest man. those were probably his train investments right , the trains he's been a big backer of railway development for the past twenty years and other projects started by the royal family . was he ever concerned about being targeted by the phantom scythe? it's public knowledge that they 60 after supporters of the royal family j sm He never brolght it up. i had no idea the phantom scythe could know who he was. or would do this to him: Indeed nobody outside the phantom scythe know for slre: what she doing? would awfll earn my friend was one of their victim alright you can stop lying now, sake how about you tell me what ou did after you went home? nothing! you really think could hurt kevin? the second mentioned the phantom scythe your breathing changed your pupils dilated you stopp making eye contact now stop plfase . could gup and Your game wont work on me. But i' m not! i would never kill him; he was my friend! i have no connection to the phantom scythe! of course not! it's terrifying isn't it? insidious they strike so suddenly nobody is safe yes! just like the allendale train station tragedy nobody could've known they would strike there i, for one was shocked . What a horrible senseless crikt yis Massacre and Ounw (pkk' What did you just say? what the hell is she thinking? Pull her out of therei I said stop lying bastard you think we wouldn't know you're one of them? how did you know they would target the train station not the palace that day? how?! what the hell are you doing, sinclair?! imk ! Get the hell off of him! no ! let g0 of mei this gun is lying ! hes lying hes part of the phantom scythei and the allendale train station tragedy g0 He and what told you that?! his f*cking pupils? have you completely lost it sinclair? Please forgive my colleague. We found the murder weapon! it was his ex wife. cuk The fingerprints are a match. it wasnt me! i'm being framed! i swear im innocent Please. No that's not Shes not the killeri The woman is innocent ! He framed heri g0 search his house and youll seei wmnn Tim sake So, we meet again, detective sinclair . Or should i say, officer? how've you been (w Where have you been hiding , you piece of sh*t? Are you sure you want to do this? demotion wasn't enough the first time? beating up innocent passersby is low, even for you you are anything but innocent , sake. I should have never saved you. Tell me , how many people have you murdered by now? It's really too bad you weren't able to prove anything. on the morning of the bombing november 13th, xx you were in a black car with the license plate number "y59 agn" . You drove right past the entrance to allendale train station. 1 2 co vita f pn maan 43h? jel tatt tneat aed "m knindo. What were you doing there that morning and why were you using that car? Is that all you've got, detective sinclair? Like something so trivial could prove anything. that drive by was no coincidence you knew they were targeting the train station: Why risk being present on the site. unless you had a role to play? Hai i don't have nearly the skills to pull that off. oh, don't be so humble, sake: you absolutely do You said you used to work at chow's mines. With only a little digging i found out you were handling dynamite. so if you want me to make a wild guess , sake. Id say you were involved in the bombing of allendale train station. But you weren't alone. you had a getaway driver. A man with four fingers is pretty memorable. How can you possibly know this? dont make me repeat myself why were you in that car with that man? hahaha ! okay, okay! il tell you just because i like you , sinclair. The most blllheaded bastard i ever met! we're practically old friends by now. It's entertaining to watch you struggle while everyone believes you're just crazy The car was borrowed from a random rich family . They were going to die anyway . we figured they wouldn't miss it . who else was working with you? caueeze Nobody . It was just the two of us in there: i didn't even know the driver's name: timi tim Who was helping you Wait . How many people were in that car?! Were you all bombers? Of course noti You can't expect kiids to Wha children? ! what do you mean? ummkh What have you done to them? are the people in the car still alive?! Answer me ! Sling Yes no I dont know What? Wracf What are you doing here? i was handling this. oh, is that what you call running your mouth? is fomomnd *or1 wiasr jiddt dc l3l 37 oosv m67ton otoro7 r tmo wr celu cle eemre cleos Loa " ce es= sess *? s3 2 ? Why don't you kill her? There would be too many potential witnesses. Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist