T 0 qp Purple hyacinth Episode Alright , i need two officers Tqq tq laureni Are you okay? are you hurt? im so glad youre back! Of course i am, why were you so worried? You were gone for so long , i was about to send someone out to look for you! what happened? He got away . Thought had him, but wasn't able to hold him: had him? so you calght up to waiti you're bleeding! that scumbag! tedido you! know. was being careless it won't happen again. so you fought him? yes. wounded him, blt not enough to slow him down so you did catch him?! he escaped me. What's suprising is actually that you escaped him could you describe him? male, tall. slim but strong , black long coat. probably in his twenties or thirties. the only weapon i saw was a sword of all things: Remarkablei captain hermann is at second crime scene, waiting for you to report . but let me help you, we have to get this bandaged first . Capt ain hermann is here? then i really can't be late: i'm fine, seriously I have to give my report . let's go. you always push yourself too far. it's not healthy Ill help you just wait a sec. stop! are you crazy? with your skills, you're more likely to kill her instead! what did you just say you twat? the last time you treated my wounds, you fed me some weird tea that gave me the runs for a week! well, i'm glad because you deserved every bit of it! If i waited for you two, i would have already bled to death. let's go lauren you should get some rest first i don't think you understand who you just fought yeah i know an assassin from the phantom scythe cowgh Not just any assassin. you're lucky to be alive. what? Come on, see for yourself. Did you see his face at least? No when did i start lying to them? 00 0 Lieutenant captain hermann ilth precinct ardhalis police department Captain hermann! officer sinclair is back. Officer sinclair finally report the assassin escaped i and two other officers were in pursuit but they were soon outpaced i pursued him for as long as i could and engaged him in a fight before losing him as well However, officer sinclair got close enough to him to be able to tell that we are dealing with a man, tall, slim and in his twenties thirties. i see. impressive. "'m pleasantly surprised sinclair or What happened in here? Ah, yes. sergeant ladell? lieutenant hawkes? The victim was named robert de la rocca, Forty years old , male. he was a rich merchant and owned large shares in the royal navy's shipy ards, the main source of his fortune. His influence on the shipping market was considerable. and much like the late lady grayson across the street , he was known to have close ties with the royal family . it's no surprise that the phantom scythe targeted them both But it's still unusual, since they both recently publically denounced the monarchy maybe in an attempt to save their own skins. no one supporting the royals is safe. the phantom scythe has always targeted the citadel's ruling family . Aevasther; cu1 jel hyacintaus aphalis cefvus " ' avenustat Good assumption, but forensics found more rocca appears to have fought back before the assassin killed him the gunshot you all heard was from de la rocca's weapon that makes sense as near as i could tell; the assassin was only carrying a sword he probably got into the mansion through window and waited for his target to fall into his trap he musn't have expected that the man would be carrying a gun De la rocca must've tried to defend himself and shot at the assassin, but missed Probably because he would have been trying to run away at the same time , as he seems to have collided with the desk. If he was running , that would also explain the wound on his back. he must've turned around to try to shoot the assassin again, Which is when the scumbag finished his work by slitting de la rocca's throat And then the killer escaped through the window which is when i spotted him: Good analysis, sinclair: hmph. leave the investigating to the detectives, officer sinclair. An official investigation will be opened tomorrow . what we know for sure, looking at the method, is that the two murders tonight were definitely committed by the same killer: and of course, it just had to be the worst ardhalis has ever known: Anl enc anv ml '3 i will alert the castle and the royal guard their security needs to be tightened before he strikes again it has been a curiously long time since he was last seen around the city killing two people on the same night is not his typical modus operandi , either just like vermin, when we thought he was finally gone for good he pops back up nnsnte dva smhsinia And as always, the sneaky bastard slipped through olr fingers! even when we were closer than ever to catching him. what do you mean? we already know the identity of the killer? Of course we know he signed his murders like he always does. Stzzp Officer sinclair shk The assassin you encountered tonight is none other than: The purple hy acinth Purple hyacinth prologue ost available on all free streaming services. music Let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist