Purple hyacinth Episode 49 (season 1 finale) Zl mllenhlale cuore At your service. Mister and mrs. sinclair . n jane 0nn f unna ta | aa Jne aan jne dorroel eroia aaaal rion | avml it wasn't an accident? They were going to d die soonn anyway, , So we figured they wolldnt miss !tir, Wait Man with four fingers is pretty memorable: ah foup fingers s pret Clal Momi dadi vam Y2hhm Get out of the cari y59 vroomm agn Don't leave. hell kill you. It's okay, lalren. deip Dip It's not their deaths you could have prevented. No i I didn't know i didnt mean for anone to diei im sorry i ren It's okay, ren. I know. I know you never meant to kill me. Dylan Allendall Xil e x x Alright , kids! are you ready? we need everything set up before the king arrives! is it trle we'll get to see king edward mr rosenthal? can we stay for the opening ceremony , dad? of coursei Il even treat you to some cheesecake afterwards for helping don't tell your parents, ren! they'll say i'm spoiling you alright now , let's get started! poof' Hhahn;? hhah ' Dylan! dylan! tell me about the flowers! again? you really love flowers, don't you? Alright come here these are called freesias they symbolize trust purity hey dylan:. hm? you know lot about flowers do you want to be gardener like your dad? hm: like flowers but i want to become doctori hai giant clutz like you? you'll kill more patients than you save and chvckle Pffft just watch me! uu ill be the best doctor this city has ever seeni T0ci Clangl Sure hk yowxsyt lying! h# maybe you should stick to flowers for now . fine these are gladioluses. 'hal They symbolize honor , strength and remembrance i think they look a little bit like hyacinths. But hyacinths are much more interesting! they have mlltiple meanings , depending on the color like white ones mean sincerity do you know what the purple hyacinths mean? 6 they're the symbol of the royal family , silly! only half right there's another meaning too jiadl wanna try to gless it? i bet hey careful! Don't tear the hat! unless you want to mend it againi i regret ever mending it for you Attentioni due to the opening ceremon for the new railway departures between 10 a.m. and 10:30 a.m. will be delayed. The trains scheduled during this time will leave at 10:45 a.m thank you for your understanding and cooperation. How exciting! ah, yes! the new trainraili pvnble pumbu Right the next train will leave at 10.45. Huh? Ren? Dylani lauren! so, kids! you've worked hard! the ceremony starts in half an hour: Why don't you take this and go to the bakery we passed on the way here? my supervisor wants me to take a look at the inner courtyard garden: So i'll have to stay here. Thank you, mr. rosenthal!' yay! thank you, dad! watch the time! and be careful' Lalren , daisies are your favorite , right? huh? yes, why? you'll see! is this another trick of yours? my dad told me it makes men charming that's why your dad is still single , dylan! the years to come will be the brightest ardhalis has ever known. grab Ren! bealttiful! pvmbu pmpue pvfl The crown, not you: Teach me how! i want to make you one too! Another hat? okay So you tie it off there uhum udo glhd Cks Sgrecmh = Vgh dylan, are you okay? me? what about you?! my head just hurts a little, i'l be fine. hngg Il g0 get some help . hng ! my ankle Stop! i'm fine, lauren. stay still, head injuries are dangerous. let me see yolr ankle. Can you move it? i don't know. it hurts? it's already swelling up . this looks like a bad sprain. Hows your head?! can you follow my finger with yolr eyes? good . your pupils look even and you're tracking fine. You probably don't have a concussion, but your ankle Hahaha!i h why are you laughing? this is serious! you're injured maybe you wouldn't make such a bad doctor afterall I'll be a police officer. And you can be the best doctor the city's ever seen. and then we can save people together. how's that? okay It's a promise but until then; i'd like to talk to a real doctor. can you go ask your dad to come pick me up with his truck? Okay! stay there, il be back! Try to not miss me too mlch! haha! Why is he taking so long? K w Gile Wmp Dylan?! Mr. rosenthal Dyl we e The next train will leave at 10.45. the years to come will be the brightest ardhalis has ever known.! Itis not theirdeatheou could have prevented. But until then, i'd like to talk to a real doctor. Can you go ask your dad to come pick me up with his truck? lin = Hhh I know you never meant to kill me; I could have saved you But it was too late. dylan. i'm sorry. Is it selfish of me to wish i never heard the lies? Becalse this feeling of guilt never stops haunting me. Hnng my head. thkor Sakei no! Did they just knock me out and leave me here? why? He's been missing for a year and i lost him again. he knew . they were going to die anyway we figured they wouldn't miss it . he knew and i didn't even suspect it until i saw anslow's picture: ke jout November 26th, xx17 terrible car accident carries the sinclairs and their driver i was a fool ten years ago and nothing has changed the car was borrowed from a random rich family . that was our car why was my parents' car on the site of the explosion that morning? How could i have moved on from their death? i shouldnt have i left them behind le when their deaths needed justice. stvmb But i i didnt do anthing for them Becalse i was so blind How could i have been so blind? How is it that even with this ability i still couldn't see any of this? i still couldn't do anything? i thought that it'd me made less foolish But in the end M mi The next train will leave at 10h45. In the end I am just as powerless. If i was wrong about my parent's death. Was i wrong abolt yolrs too , dylan? Push Oh, lauren! did you grab a pastry from the break room yet? I didnt. why are there pastries? Oh! and here she isi the last member of olr squad! officer lauren sinclairi Lalren , meet the newest addition to our precinct . Kieran white. St arting today Hes our new archivist Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy. co creator co creator and artist Ephemerys sophism @ephemerys ph @deadsophism (official ph meme page) (music and art page) donate on patreon for blood and murder: patreon com/sophism editor: hb klein Assistants: @neekaarts @zaphyrae @akikakies @yersiniaapestiss music by sophism singer: beatrice @slavica krzelj Ephemerys co creator sophism co creator toilet paper Y'all wonder who stole all the toilet papers thow We stole all of them just for you 1 5 you Aren't we so thoughtful cant reach it