Q&a # Aye! aye! are yall ready for some yeeeee hhaaaaw? cowboy au We'll go over the questions you sent on instagram If kieran and lauren were about to fall off of a cliff and you could only save one from death, who would you save? kieran Lauren how do you pronounce 'hyacinth"? sun flo wer is dylan really dead?2? are we even really alive? What are your favorite things to use as reference? myself: here's an example: 1/2 sath sa n And then | made small slice of life/comedy comic based on this few months ago anheheichboon thrtise #1 movedmnghere. su ne8geo5o8 too hlho is my "yoneyghbor ipz cw slvil e your emergency? would like repori crime continued You said you don't like gore; but in order to draw those amazing blood bath scenes, are you forced to look at references? ask eph to do the research for me and then only send screenshots of what she judges acceptable for my eyes if not; describe it to me sometimes even ask my assistants to draw them cuz im just like "no is kieran and lauren going to be a thing? yes; If you were to join the police department; which unit would you be part of? eph would be a coroner for perfect free gore refs. (imcrying) and id be in the holding cell for suspicious activities due to posing for my own references: what if kieran got a short haircut? sorry for this cursed image. is eph behind all of the writing or is it a collaborate effort for both of you? we plan the big outline of the story and big bullet points of every episode together: eph then details it out and writes everything in script format: in some rare occasions; end up writing some part of the scripts. Can both of you marry me please? please get in line. which characters would you date? they would have to get in line too. if all the characters were animals, what would they be? wim kyky Yd ren kki eph: soph; wtf is this? soph: | | can't draw animals: do you like to make us cry?222 im doing this for vour well being. crying activates the ren why Parasympathetic nervous system, which helps people tc relax (did google that? yes:) it's free therapy service here's another slice of life comic posted on ig after the sfl reactions: new fan purple hyacvnth: 7483941882 soph has an instagra page? ht spicy: does she post trcre: nd art page) eme page) follow exf conet on line webtoon hootme, ephemervs ph ep 43 analv read this caaneeele;d connec deep level 248 6 sorett eadsophism bet her baerfsoul anc poetndasusic story content: report account block how did eph meet? we met throuah common friend in hiah school, later we were sitting together in istory class in our senior vear. eph really liked to hug people like kym and was like grumpy cat: though,i'd alway subconsciously avoid her at the perfect timina and she alwavs end falling or hitting a desk or someth (sorry not sorry eph) that's our tearierker bonding story if kieran wasn't a mass urderer; what would he be? regular murderer: t's make tears sh Can get a slap? raise hand: now high five your cheeks. want soph to slap me. get in the other line: what would the characters look like in zlst century. qup rip your rip How old are the characters? lauren 22 kieran 24 kym 21 william 23 where are you from? how old are you? what did you both major in? we re both canadians, 19 yo. eph is currently a med student and was studying in 3d animation cgi. webtoon is my full time job. now How many cups of coffee do you guys drink a day when working on episodes? eph drinks one regularly when she needs to study. as for me; only water. what have you done with the tears you have collected? water zv zv baj ba) ok ok tears tears Can we expect for will and kym's background story? absolutely: oh i forgot it today. that dil kinda woke iid ini diish this Once upon a time; there was night kun and chan: they perfectly balanced out each other and couldn't live without the other's presence. despite loving each other, they could never meet: suddenly, a book went flying at the sound of a yelling goose. from that point on, a spiritual revolution started drowning the world in darkness: until a nuclear bomb happened and both died, the end: that made no sense but it's okay: day ( they Which lineart brush do you use? you'il see why typically don't answer when people ask me that question: gpen real pencil] mapping pen design pencil turnip pen darker pencil for effect line textured pen lighter pencil 854} mechanical pencil *ta) colored pencill gn} rough pencil hxbflr} Jur} design pencil 2 24134 h lineart pencil silmultaneously in one panel: want to be a character in ph. you can support my patreon to be drawn as a dead body: im not even joking: commander 815 per month wallpaper downloads sneak peaks of random parts of the scripts for upcoming episocles corpse cameo in the upcoming episodes: join s15 tier Can you do more fan service? but im already giving you free therapy, | okay: How long does it take to draw one episode? around 60 70 hours on average. are the characters so haawwtt? eph: want them to be hot; soph: say no more fam: why Reveal? face Im sorry, eph: soph, know you've mentioned before that you didn't like gore, which is why having eph as your writing partner was so ironic after a whole season filled with blood though, do you feel more comfortable drawing it now? have nightmares every night: Here's a funny dream drew out: (pls don't get concerned; it's mostly a joke) t# tp hut h You have no where to run now: any last wish before you die, sophism? Can i have your phone? i need to call my editor! huh? oh hl, hb! im here to notify you that i might be late for my deadline actually i might not make it at all might die, haha! hah?! soph? wait what? There you go, you can kill me now: Sorh okay, so now the last question everyone's been waiting for: Tph genderbendl what? Genderbendl ooohhh! rightl the question about make upl okay: C1 will finally make up? im dying: they This is not a cry for thank you for reading purple hyacinth: season 2 will come back in approximately 3 months: help: Hope you enjoyed the q&a even though you probably learned about absolutely nothing: