w 1 7 # 1 1 2 pv 0 6 l; 1 x i 6 #i 04 2 u 1 8 b 1 [ h 5 4 3 6 9 1 & 6 9 1 3 2 8 2 1 l 1 1 1 8 j Who is the leader? At mdh evor anslo how lid nslow gct the acturg colafn vransaction "concluded rlakesley Why di6 he have it wlth him at the goenklovek? lp bath at the xx27 22nd, december oucnal ower blood jain strikes , hyacinth purple the irs Ic sinclacg why soke; is9ed in ike car iq 4ml sakd sinu drve ws wilh drivec sinclmps tae wos whe imtm with robrenad cap whal Weapon operation led by apostle viy the leader' s orders objective: weapons being imported into the City in antipication overdue revolution, hclrevor , anslow;| blakesley &nd colden were managing the front business iook care of papertrails, cleaned the money, red the real transacti apostle vi! secretely hijacked the operation for his interests , schening his own revolution nd the eader' s back , in addition to the weap he is lso importing another type of nerchandise , rought to irdhalis by sake , although davenpor 5 trusted apostle vi! , the leader has ordered |he to keep eye on his gimmicks and to elid te the rebels when the right time comes , belladonnf davenport ps assassin m0 co co long ons , "1 role in the weapon opdration: superviser , ng id of nuisances; double aqen r an flemmings role in the weapon operation: overseas associate, |ensuring the weapons deliver to ardhalis, altering and erasin traces of il7 transaction gett; egal Circus tickets i rrivate reception? trwsmtion pipers with hctrevoks lobo blick #red stains tebrua 1 9 circus Tim sake involved in the allenda? e t 01 jiagecd tevin chef framed his ex wife role in the weapq overseas assoclate carminl camelia merchanbise erought froh ovikseas 'yes no tdon know operation: Who is this woman? messengfrv Sc izth xxis 13 for mhe kliin 'orld by monarchy the phantom = opposition to the wi consolidate 'e inibend clear mcosuse | ihej can oveathrow eovoz m the dark until the &g; it relies on, 'the crovn and the class consid: ine class udy 243 |eaths, irain 328 and 176 wle hus real dung the wond" r and that the more and of to {be was '8 to in the of agent, now isth would try to heported that tbe the of the the castle 0n group e train on the sectin; the on the 13th, c af me was led to and 7 m apostles the apostles are the leaded 5 closest accomplices. le th vps who are the phantom june anonymou8 apoatlea terrorists , hlea tbievee, guppogedly killer8 fighting 'better an announcing themselves thej = viom hierarchy lilendale " stazion = traqedy hietarc hy woung considenne the mystoy reporte d kows surrouc mixtidg eoa leader; bellet bad > jusuce; jured recently ievenge . kepl despeale jnaknz been ` neit brought attrected monty group powter compl rebels authority" shadows. secret attention quickly forming bave services been informator, double terrorists = suspected bomb instead allendal investigation november' station untt" enforce believes roaton purdose. wtong date wlto afosile Vffyflldlly 1j lhley dfe 4uv lu hpuslies iiu w [ only 4 of which are the su {viving originals. apostle vi! is one of them] their identity is unknown pnd only the originals know the leade. 5 each of them has "territbry" or specific type of operations are in kharge of. ardhallis' daly november ]4th,xxi7 the king is dead '13th , 10.30.a date that will forever ardhalis ' engaved the when & prince philip by the perpetrated nherits the crown 'the the eves ofcountless of= edward and our "felbows was present at tne for the this mauguration of which he had nety they november xxi7. remaui histery :s day blood: curdheg"antoni terrorist explosion , scythe; took ofhis majesty king e citizens. king edward allendale' tran statjon moring raltway financed Majesty was members of thecompanied by nobilty: government &nd the the expksion, at the epicenter of 'had no survival dikan rhyhe allendale kings right hand rrain station is he 2 wh many standing they chance aevasty lizbeth queen lauren ollowing "the next train will leave at 16.45 "the years to come will be the ibrightest ardhalis has ever known;' Gf 1s a harvey officer 18 trista sinclhir chief #uce oliver petective march spi? who else hugues captnn, herminn imprecinct 0 8 ! 5 ] 3 d 8 #