#p Y lalren? can i have a moment? of course, will. what is it? is everything alright? it's not like you to be late. Look, you don't need to tell me okay what happened this morning lauren? (reak Your eyebags are so heavy they're mopping the floor but you're never late, even if you haven't slept a wink. what's up? oh, hi lieutenant you okay there? you just slammed a door into me, ladelli' who the hell stands in a doorway?! A of peoplei well, sorry for not having x ray eyes. There was some trouble at the streetstalls, so i tried to intervene i think i hit my head on something maybe that's why i look so tired . it all resolved very quickly though. so really no need to worry you hit your head?! no wonder the new hot archivist didn't interest you! it's not you! it's the concussioni this is bad! no , kym im perfectly clear headed You better get checked out at the infirmary . give her some space kym: shove You can skip patrol for today. No will, id rather not it's my responsibility to take care of you there's no way id let you on patrol knowing there's a risk you're injured. here take this. gul7y You're officially on break. Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode There's really no way around you, is there? snhtc Im worried about lalren. she hit her head? there's something more going on there: yeah, i think so too. she has to get it checked out , of course But even if it's nothing i think spending a day on bedrest might be good for her why did you think i insisted? sometimes, you just gotta find a way to force a break on her huh, i see not bad not bad at all i could actually respect you for this, lieutenant Well. thanks Oh! what's that?! Anenale Waaahi Welcome, lovely people of ardhalis , welcomei We are circus roy alei Here's a taste of our upcoming showi The famed killer of the glorious nemean lion a beast whose hide could not be pierced by any human weapon it'sthe man , the myth , the legend heraklesi Floating in the sky twisting and bending the breeze to his will our graceful aerialist zephyri hbrlage bows Accompanied by our lovely blindfolded pianist apolloi Mluml mumcl On the parallel poles, the mighty huntress who never misses her target mv mvnvlh artemisi and morpheus the magician whose tricks will make you wonder if youre dreaming! qheeps Povy Oooohh! circus royale. isn't that viscount redcliff's thing? he's the one throwing the big ball in febrlary , right? also, by the end of this week, i want volunteers to work security for viscount redcliff's annual ball on february 17th. tr tar Yes. redcliff built the circus royale company from scratch fifteen years ago started out leading a band of homeless orphans in greychapel: And now redcliff's one of the richest men in the city. that's how he bought his viscount title; 7ows N thwd ! Pul Hu < 7hw Wwooohh!! Amazing! i remember going to one of their shows when i was little! their work is lnbelievable! who among you would like to test their hlnting skills against the unmatched lady artemis? Come on! Don't be shy! Perhaps one of you honourable officers? Hold my watermelon. kym, n zhwve Ooohhh, how exciting , we have a vollnteer! May we know your name, brave policewoman? sergeant ladell, at your service, miss. The patrol. A round of applause for the dauntless sergeant ! now far be it from me to doubt your marksmanship but for everyone's safety , here you shall use. a paint gun? haaha: What a pity you get three shots! the stage is yours, sergeant ladell! And please try to be precise. zephyr told me last night this is his last shirt . and as a proud member of the apd, i shall protect his wardrobe at all costs! Ans h1bs 4 (hieerc U sylaz] (ie1ars Incrediblei outstanding! chders Will she be able to keep the perfect score?! Spuzl Aaand she didi the city of ardhalis is in good hands if such skillful officers are here to protect it! a round of applause for our eagle eyed local hero sergeant ladell! ccirs "mpiause (hemzs Znazu Lieutenant? have you forgotten about our patrol? Sooo ladies and gentlemani ready for our upcoming show? do not forget to buy your tickets from orpheus and elrydice! the full show will be in nightingale park for the next two weeks! Tickets here! thank you for purchasing! hope to see you around! A can't believe athena asked one of them to go on stage. Alright lauren , everything seems fine or now , but you should rest for the next two days least try to avoid activities that reqlire high concentration they calse any symptoms worsen: same thing for physical activities write for hoh shicts this week and strongly recommend you take frequent breaks your headache comes back, you may take twc of pills every tfosr six holrs thank you very much for watching over me oday il try behave you better, yolng lady would love not have see you again. you can stay here eiks , long as you but you are off free to go. thank you: " (ru What a train wreck. The patrol tee ic amact Ia 1d alvi#i back. i can't let them suspect anything. as if him breathing down my neck at the precinct isn't enough: now the leader is Officially after us. i can't just ignore it. the only way out is either through deception or death: I need to talk to him