Episode Step stl? Gis Hahahahai This girl sure is entertaining! hut hlt Wait I have an idea. Heh. Tsssh Thkow Cpunuh Hey! it's quite noisy back there! is everything alright? Oh, it was just koko! how many times have i told you not to ruin the zen garden pattern, koko? ah, yes. it was just the peacock! I'm going back to my post. uvt " 1 { So, i take it she didn't get any evidence? She couldn't even if she tried! I drugged the ex wife, got her prints on the knife. And hid it in her bedroom after i was done. The evidence was ir re futable. A*shole. i can't believe i got so close but never caught him: That poor woman shouldn't be in jail! not too bad for an amateur. but i wouldn't brag about it . If that cop was smart enough to discover your explosive hobby , lnraveling your little ploy doesn't seem like much of a stretch. especially if you keep spoon feeding her clles like you did about allendale. i barely said anything! she already knew our getaway driver used their family car. i'd be more worried about how she learned that. he went silent last year, do you think she's been in contact with him? or with the other passengers? I think so. there were only two phantom scythe members in there besides me. Robin delaney and the driver Robin was eliminated , so the driver is the only one who could have told the tale. Wait what? the driver how could he Interesting . you might want to figure out a way to get rid of him: before you become the apd's center of attention again. ill take care of that cop first She's fun to mess with, but she's starting to annoy me. zlide Haha! wonderful, you're such a smart boy, timmy . she talked to him as soon as last year? shut So the driver. didn't die in the accident he faked his own death? Why does that even surprise me at this point? Psba tu drivrec ? delaney shvf Shnt Thank you. you can leave us. we wish not to be disturbed. alright , sir. if you need anything , ring the bell. We hope you enjoy your meal mhvt #sshhp# wait for the messenger . let's hope the rest goes smoothly. @ump