Purple hyacinth Episode Shhkksh. Shkss, wait for the messenger. cusu Where did he just appear?! uide Tm And here comes our beloved messenger thank you all for coming tonight i have an important message from the apostle the apostle is extremely disappointed by the recent turn of events For now you have been granted mercy , but he will be not be as forgiving of future failures. If this brings the police or the leader down on all our heads , None of you will be keeping yours. The four morons who got arrested are out of the picture now we have the next steps perfectly under control our project was almost exposed to the police nothing exclldes that they could establish a common denominator between mctrevor and the others. the leader has already gotten purple hyacinth involved who knows what else he suspfcts The weapons import was the leader's plan first . You really think he isn't already aware that seven is trying to use it to start his own rebellion? the leader might be silent , but he's not stupid it wouldn't be surprising if he finds out sooner than later and then we'll be as good as dead. what is seven waiting for , a slnny night to launch his coup d'etat? whether the leader knows or not is irrelevant so long as he cannot stop us netl saen scsbly oblla conp bw/hr Lud dd e this secret operation was a high risk for all of us, especially seven. and he won't act until he has gathered all the necessary assets to overthrow the royals and the leader. Sadl anw Delaying things only gives the police and the leader more time to figure it out! phh Sake and i have already imported countless ships full to bursting into the city. we are ready! isn't that funny? seven concocted this mutiny becalse things weren't moving quickly enough for his taste. And now he's giving us the same excuses there is a big difference betweeen the seven and the leader. our apostle doesn't bother with pretense. Who cares about a 'society without hierarchy' or gaining equal rights and all that cute gibberish? Seven just wants to take the power and free 4s all from the leader's empty speeches and brutal grip . Clit And the *kkssh sshhhkskshh Kksshhkkssh shskhshhhh* Crap! what's wrong with this thing? *ksshhhkshsh sshhksss* #*shskksskhh shshkkss* 8 8 7h? No, no. no! i'm completely losing the signal! maybe if i move closer mr (8p t Damnit why doesnt it work? distance is not even the problem Ae a daqr Twvoosk p tp cvm} Dpok jmp What was that?! mp Ffffffffff ffffffffffffff ffffffffffffff fffffff tuh fe fuz V'hu Wnaqr Akahll n kak Kk Wp grll Ziu Kieran?! What? who Saw Of course it's you. god dammit .