Lalren? What the hell. What are you doing here?! apparently the same thing you are. I'm here for the meeting which i am now missing should have expected you'd come. I thought you were a threat Hmm: right "a threat curious i thought the same when i saw those shurikens flying at me: Well, i didn't expect the law abiding office sinclair to turn into a mastermind criminal. Birds of a feather, i suppose. worry not i'll keep this short. I really don't care what you do just dont bother me Purple hyacinth Episode So much for coming prepared can't i just peacefllly listen to the rest of the meeting? 84t Really? what do you want me to do? I can't listen right in front of their door! there are other walls! There are guards everywhere else! Not my problem! shut up! No, we can't accept any more delays everything is almost ready We strike in less than two months . officially , three the cargo will arrive on different ships The last one sets sail on febrlary 12th and should be here by the 14th, what about the hideout? do we still have storage space? of course. everything's well hidden underground and under constant surveillance. What about your side, sake? you can tell the leader not to worry , messenger. You know that i only buy the best. The nitroglycerine i'm bringing in will blow this backwards colntry's bombs out of the water. Heh The allendale tragedy will only look like a tiny sparkler compared to what's to come Provided that the merchandise survives the journey to ardhalis. the slightest shock could calse the ship to go up in flames. we've taken precautions and several batches have already reached port safely. The remaining will travel with our weapons. even wiith only what we have now, no one would be able to stop 4s. good i believe all of us know what to do. This meeting is adjourned. Gick Huh? a tattoo? and what is that smell? u k 7np Wait the messenger is not with them: ) Did he disappear out of thin air again?! Cmkl Ilost the messenger. we need to go find him. i saw him g0 to the other side of the garden. Could he have gone back inside? he has a bird face. might not be the best idea. Just follow me Stop glard. hum: kieran there's someone coming from the other side too t 7 they'll corner 4s. c'mon, c'mon! 7ap J ) k sj cuiuk | Great idea, good luck seeing when the way is clear. if you'd shut up i could listen for their footsteps. Myeah, problem is i'm hearing footsteps from the corridor, not the patio. @nd Aaahhhi finally! the restrooms! cl A a a ! Assassinsi aaahhhii!! Milady?? milady!!! fear nothing milady! i shall protect you with my brussel sprout attacksi s zw What has frightened you? two assassins! armed! they were th Wait they are goneii!??? It was an ambushi im sure they were here to kill my handsome butleri! milady please calm down , where did they go? I wont let anyone touch my princely butleri milady where did they Oh my milady dazzling butler . youre alivei! milad im not getting paid enough for this sh*t . Mr. butler, did you see the men she's talking i was sooooo scared to lose you my statuesque butleri No. youre alivei! Where zp ^ is the Exit??! kp ^ Tap Storage room staff only Do you think the lady crazy? there's literally no one she always does that she' drunk, she's probably hallucinating mean she did mistake private dining booth for toilet wait , did you lock the storage room when you 4sed earlier? fhiki helen? told you to always ock the storage room! uk seei it's still unlocked! gkl' we've already had costumers steal from us the boss won't be happy happens again! i'm sorry! remember next time! There's no lock on this side of the door, it can't even be picked. 'ithink were stuck Here for a while.