There's no lock on this side of the door. it can't even be picked. The carmine camelia closes around 3am il kick the door open when there's no one around i suppose that means we have to wait if we want to avoid more commotion. Provided nobody needs something from this storage room before then: Looks like our night time excursions are as chaotic as ever. i'm sure it would've gone just fine if i hadn't crossed paths with you. And you wouldn't have if my transmitter didn't die on me as soon as i arrived I would've gladly stayed on the rooftops. yeah, me too. Sgk. Wait what?! you planted a bug inside the room? of course. do they not teach that in police school? tp It's surveillance mission basics. So. the signal interference. what do you mean? Of course i planted a bug in the meeting roomi *scream whispering Pia And everything was going just fine the transmission was crystal clear v until interference from your device messed it up! qoqqqc zipp That's why i had to get closeri so we had the exact same idea: What kind of sick joke is this? i can't believe i ended up in this situation. i ) khz " I i can't gvlp i can still feel his grip i can't stay here and i can't leave goddamnit . Just stay away . Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode Don't be stupid , lauren you have better things to do than panic. With all this; i barely wrote anything down. flemmings mentioned febrlary 14th as the date of their last delivery . There was one woman i hadn't heard about before. ) dark hair, about 5"8, in her forties no name they have an undergrolnd hideolt to store their smuggled weapons specifically and she seemed to be in charge of it I ptrogy and the nitroglycerine 70 cerine {orc The allendale tragedy will only look like a tiny sparkler compared to what's to come. This is so much worse than i anticipated. Do. do you have any idea who that black haired woman could be? No. i've never seen her before her name wasn't on the list might take a while to find her the man with the scarred face should be easier to track although i've never seen him before either he's the associate they were waiting for from overseas what about the hideout? any ideas? i was already trying to find where they were hiding the weapons and But no progress on that yet we haven't made much progress at all we've got no idea who the seventh apostle is. no way to get to the leader. and tonight we only learned they are planning to put ardhalis to fire and blood . The others all believed they were stirring a civil revolution but with all the nitroglycerine. we know we have until february 14th. the apostle doesn't want to unleash the apocalypse upon us before that. that still gives 4s two months to defuse the bomb. It's allendale tragedy all over again. i'm one of the few who know a terrorist attack is about to go off. and yet i'm still completely in the dark. two months i suppose it's better than one hour Blt nothing's preventing them from moving up the date. So many people died Nn how many more people will if i dont make it in time? oh dylan fotoesh vketr wujt" Look i this might not be the best moment , but. I know olr deal is off and the last thing you'd want to do is to speak with me. i also know you are probably scared for your coworkers and friends. I wanted to tell you. i will not get involved with them outside of the office nor put them in any danger. not even if i'm ordered to. There's a lot at stake right now But at least. Don't worry about that. I tholght about what happened. The prison tower. You were right. gp pp I was the one who broke our agreement and yolr anger was justified. The way i reacted wasn't. i don't expect you to forgive me. Nor am i asking you to. I just want you to know that i will not calse you more harm than i already did. I sincerely mean it . Yol know there wasn't a single lie in there. and i hope you can hold on to that About your friends' safety at the precinct if nothing else. Ka Cmkf I'm off. pkt pkf Me too. good night see you. Uhz 8 5 mtar Pn p kys9ie] ika aa hue aewa november 26th, xx17 terrible car accident carrues the sinclairs and their drive What is your angle , lauren? 4 reper iby botb; explo sapdrja