As if a brewing revolution wasn't dreadfll enough , Now there's the possibility of a second attack, even more horrific than allendale? and if i cant stop it . know you never meant ?o kill me: I didn't sleep a wink last night , again. Sigh i really sholld especially if i'm going to deal with him on top of everything He apologized sort of slrprising considering the cosmic size of his ego and that he never says what he's feeling. he wasn't lying, but still i can't bring myself to trust his words. To trust him he's an assassin and i sholld remind myself not to forget that Uhgh Purple hyacinth Episode 60 Ms. desroses i brought some coffee oh! thank you kieran! that's really nice of you my pleasure Coffee, officer randall? no okay theni What about you, sergeant ladell? lieutenant hawkes? i'l gladly take one, yes. ill take everything you've got, kieran. I love a hot cup of coffee. And please. call me kym Haha i'd run out of coffee .but i can make more if you wish Ahhh isnt he perfect? Dont i cant human cont act ladell, when you're done swooning over the new recruit i need you to h hvf I'm only being nice! You are being scary that's harassment kym. i've half a mind to report you. Do i detect jealousy willame? Scared you have competition for precinct prince? you make me so tired . i can't even remember life before kieran. Maybe your unfinished paperwork will help remind you: you know , the dusty pile due tomorrow? Mr. white, could you please grab sergeant ladell's molntain of reports. before people start mistaking them for furniture? if it's kieran delivering them to me il review the whole precinct archives. Oh, good morning , officer sinclair! coffee? Am i so sleep deprived im hallucinating? Officer sinclair? I appreciate the offer, but no thank you: error 10 It's alright . after all, no need for coffee after a restful night ! Right. nothing better than a restful. night . wanna die? Good morning all! william? kym? come with me, please? u I need to have a quick word with you before you go on patrol: What's up detective march? il get straight to the point . this is a list of potential lune suspects i struck off the names of the officers and detectives involved in the golden clover raid the night of anslow's arrest and everyone else whose alibi has already been verified nothing guarantees lune is from our precinct . but hermann requested we look more closely into this list cuack Lila, andrew, grace, lukas, lalren. Feels wrong , doesn't it? Like we're on a manhunt It /s a manhlnt . both the phantom scythe and the police are out for blood . even if we find who's behind those files, exposing lune's identity would be a death sentence. randalt just look at what happened to the people they turned in. hudrtw lawts grau rivtrhod lvkas larta sidais How do you manage, knowing what's to come? you're right to tell the truth. I don't think we can blame an individual for going around the system to defend the ideals and values that the system fails to protect . the way we've responded to the phantom scythe over the past decade is just as egregious as how we've failed to deal with the injustices constantly perpetrated in our city the current structure is far from perfect. it's often not even fair or right lune's actions are also in this grey zone Neither completely right nor completely wrong . i can't help but feel like we're shooting ourselves in the foot by trying to break lune's anonymity. Yet we must becalse we all answer to the same law: and it is our duty to protect that law as we are now we can't fix the system or its past wrongs but at least we can make sure the right people are accused and that the innocent ones are protected I know it's not an easy task. not for any of us some of the names on this list are my friends and some are yours lalren was one of my most promising recruits i know how close you three are she'd be your boss by now if she'd kept her rank hahaha! maybe my point is you must remain impartial. no matter the culprit this is what hermann chose 4s for Pa You can count on us, march. We'll uphold our oath to the apd. Yes, you can count on 4s