Purple hyacinth Episode Lauren and i are dating I ih Hw What?! Wait you guys are dating?? How is that possible? since when? Yeah lalren, you never told 4s about this. How could you hide this from us lauren? i thought we were besties I it's my fallt . i asked her not to talk about it yet becalse i didn't want it to interfere with hiring decisions. considering we're now coworkers I totally understand , we won't ask I want to know everything! how did you two meet? kym, why are you doing this to me? we met about two months ago eaxl Yeah, the first time was in a cafe. I was stunned by her eyes. Somehow i couldn't forget them: more pensive eyes blllsh*t . wait that wasn't a lie So you've been on dates with him, huh? lauren? barely only a few times we went to a fancy restalrant in the 1oth district for our first date, l'arlequin almost a month ago actually that was in late november. but i think i didn't disappoint considering she agreed to go out with me again november? that's around when we captured anslow ah yes! hard to forget such a beautiful night You know , when he admitted he liked me, he was so emotional! i never knew he could be so sensitive like a little puppy . practically trembling He was so cute. well her beautiful eyes are always so pensive sometimes it's hard to tell what she's thinking . clkt I was nervous the feeling might not be reciprocated! but when i told her my feelings. She was so happy she nearly cried hey there you lil' sht . Awwww? that's so romantic! do you two always meet at midnight? Neither of us has much free time unfortunately so we got in the habit meeting at lngodly hours, haha! awwwi will, just imagine all the nights they spent together at his place or under ardhalis' pale moonlight! orchestrating their next encounter. and saying goodbye to each other at dawn ky aaaahhi of Kym. turn off your telepathy , please. So that's why you're always tired , isn't it , lalren? spending your nights with this charming young man instead of sleeping? i guess i plead guilty Ky aaawi! this is so cuite!!! im so proud of you , lauren my girl is finally getting somei! And you said kieran wasn't your type oh lalren, i'm glad to know you still have eyes alright , ladellc enough, you have work to do and they don't deserve this shv don't worry, i'l make sure nobody at the precinct learns about this from us If that's what you'd prefer. Oh! with all this, i almost forgot hermann needs to see me in his office! i have to go! see you later! and i i think i'll go home i suddenly have a headache i sholld go rest see you monday guys! archives| I have to leave early too. please don't set the precinct on fire in my absence. fip @p thodsh Good evening young master. good evening 7ackk Hngg , i'm so tired! i haven't sat down since this morning! and i still have to clean the library and the little salon! D'you think you could take one? your shift started later . stop complaining I already had to cover your dish duty even though my wrist is killing me. and i have to do all the bedrooms in the left wing . well i wouldn't have asked if i knew you were so salty about it . hnnggg all this becalse anna's on sick leave again! Good evening blanca, jane. Hahaha! sorry if i startled you: i'm afraid i overheard your conversation: oh we're so sorry mr hawkes! we it wasn't our intention don't worry don't worry! you've nothing to apologize for, you both look very tired. The salons and the bedrooms will not burst into flames if they aren't cleaned daily My father is out tonight , he won't know the difference. You are too kind mr. william? Ms. johnson; i've brought a splint for your wrist stabilizing it will hopefully reduce the pain and the risk of injury . but please get it checked by a doctor if the discomfort doesn't subside. Oh mr william, you shouldn't have, thank you so much. il be careful! it's my pleasure. yolr hard work is appreciated but yolr health comes first . you may take the evening off Il just prepare your bedroom first! Il take care of it , blanca. i'l see you two around! Oh, i wish my son was like him: already lieltenant at his age. i heard he's a prodigy! he surely is. he succeeds in everything he tries. And he's always so charming! even too us! whoever ends up marrying him will be so lucky! I'm glad he's home a lot more of lately . Cllk Claok Idll Plp clau Ijkl