Sholld probably get some sleep before i check out the other precincts. feels like it's going to be a long night again. Lieltenant hawkes, i typed up the schedule you asked for! Is there anything else you'd like me to do.? lieutenant? hm? is that the schedule? thank you. Hm? where's his usual cloying charm? woohh! let's g0 make a campfire with our paperwork everyonei! hnu ; zklde Lieutenant hawkes , sergeant ladell @au ' A word please? Pan g vang? Bantl Aaa what a strange day the reports you sent headquarters were full of mistakes and unrepresentative of the quality the 11th precinct is trying to uphold. ladell's part was fine but because of yours it all looks sloppy hawkes unacceptable this does't send very good image of you to our higher ups bint / bhnf I've never seen him get scolded like that never seen him make a mistake either. his work is always so infuriatingly perfect all the time; bami I should probably get changed and go home. First lalren and now will everything seems off. a date she never told me abolt tup It was a relief kieran said she was at l'arlequin the night of anslow's arrest we officially crossed her off the list but if it's really as i suspect, what will william do? Huh? what's he still doing here? it's almost nine. olr shift ended hours ago Why are you still here? vengefully halnting the precinct? Oh; it's you: I'm fixing the paperwork for hermann: V he was right How did i even let that happen? when was the last time he slept? this looks like a crime scene and you're the corpse. chmle Only a few pages left , it's okay, you can leave. it's not like the quality of your work will miraculously improve if you drool on it c'mon; g home you're going to give lila a heart attack if you sleep here it's my duty as sergeant to prevent that you know? kym, please stop (i I have to fix this. i can't leave until i do. Well i guess as sergeant it's my job to help the lieutenant finish! I don't want to get scolded by hermann again either. that was scary Wow. behaving like a proper sergeant? am i hallucinating? Yes, this is all a dream, lieutenant . it would never happen in real life. don't even think about it . Haha. please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode Kym, why are you walking me home? i'm not a child. also, why are you holding me? it's okay i can walk. Because if i dont Youll falli (elease gfe See? Ah, of course. so does that mean my sergeant actually cares about me? ( pelewv What the hell?! #cough* actually pofl hey! I'm escorting you becalse i need to confess something really important . and. i couldn't say it around the precinct . William, i Im lune I knew it this isn't real how do i wake up from this nightmare? Seriously what would you do if i was lune? then. i guess i'd finally have an excuse to fire you: Owowow okay and what if. it's really one of our colleagles? sqwee quue Someone you're close to? what would you do? I don't know. Actually have something to give hermann, i gless. So you'd valle yolr duty over friendship? it's not really about what i valle. it's what. people expect me to do. What i want always seems to be in conflict with what is wanted of me. I guess it'd just be nice if i didn't need to act so perfect and restrained all the time. that's all. Haha why are you looking at me like that? Sorry i said too mlch. ugh, i never complain like this. shake Maybe sleep deprivation is getting to me. let's go. you? restrained? Are we talking about the same person? you've never restrained yolrself with me. Actually it'd be nice if you'd stop yelling at me sometimes i know it's hard to believe but i have feelings too, you know anyway sigk i don't know what's going on exactly but But eh. Yeah okay , let's go covch Ahh! home sweet home! still don't know why you don't live at your dad's mansion. clak' thow Tea time! eh ithink ill pass The last time you treated my wounds, you fed me some weird tea that gave me the runs for a week! well, i'm glad, because you deserved every bit of it! Why is she so messy? Clhng/ Hm? What was that sound willame? tp 7p is everything alright n d i think It's broken 09 8 { (