At least i found a few names Questions, questions, only questions the weapons operation isn't any clearer what's the link between flemmings' circus tickets the stains on his clothes and the nitroglycerine? febrlary 17th. so close to the date of the last scheduled nitro delivery it can't be a coincidence what does it mean? please turn on your sound t0ss 0 9 circus Purple hyacinth Episode Im sorry Ithink i broke it i It's okay, will' you don't need to apologize How come im always messing up? 4p hey, will, listen to me it's fine! seriously I know this watch is really important to you, kym please let me fix it! you don't need to fix it . Just just give it to me. no i have to fix this! You don't always have to fix everything , will! Hvtf Hvrf Inhale It was already broken. Sih= I think i should go Please get some sleep Pat Chuk 0 hh He's so different when he plays. Almost like he's letting himself be free it's the only time i've seen him like that When the night is falling And you have lost your way . ah. the song from the music box. I didn't think someone wolld ever sing it to me again: @lck L tiv e I've missed it Sandman: sake: And robin delaney reperye dy colld this have any link to the pamphlets? cona sagpdrayad| I found nothing on the delaney in the city records. it's like he never existed and then how did sandman manage to fake his death? 1 mne Lod4u The physical description fits but chel abel abel sandman 26th, xx17 date of death: ` estimated time: 11308 cause of death: car rec= to allow face is too from the fourth finger up sinclairi sinclair ander sandman report november accident 'facial charred phalanx: description: proximal Sinclair rachel sinclair alexander report sinclair alexander xx Of 0i body due to the all the november 'death: [ '11.30 bate time: accident: (estimated = car 'death: t cause = explc car's over burns = severe description: Uncle tristan! Khbh You will need to be strong , little ren. Do you think it was sandman's fallt? it was moutain road high risk of landslides. maybe the brakes malfunctioned The car was so wrecked by the fall down the ravine. it would be impossible to tell. We never had an argument we colldn't settle. The leader wants you to find the traitors hiding under the name of lune and kill them. I wonder how mlch longer his patience will last It I runi ww Yoi! don"| n way:: have 10 hx wviryiiiino , Kh Mh Shiff Thp t#p tap It's been a while Hasn't it? Song: the lullaby composed by sophism lyrics by ephemerys male singer: sai sigh can.sing female singer: evelyne blais evey blais humming: @kymcanshootme voice over: sophism