Good morning , laureni you're just getting home? how was your date? Oh uh t'was good. For someone who spent the night out you don't seem very enchanted by the experience. By the way, dakan called last night! just after you left. Oh damn, i would've liked to talk to him! i'll call him back tonight . He said the same, and apologized for not coming over this week but i forced him to agree to come to the new year's party That's great! at least there'll be one guest i like. I also invited the hawkes, so expect young william too Feel free to bring your mysterious date as well. I think i'll pass. Purple hyacinth Episode Bi there was a massacre in that print shop. According to the gth precinct records, the shop was shut down in february xx16 by the police that's a little over a year before the allendale tragedy. they only thing i've found on them is an article reflting the snapdragon's 'defamatory statements" still act; in the the he of lower = on the for her of romy the om for gross; in ljail jaw threw labelling the group anarchists" and claiming everything in the pamphlets is baseless lies. lented naven education access changes pressure promised increasing fagain; status takxes socioeconomic raised population: presenter; radio athala, artest ordered c(ent = criticizing journalist . 'political , thierry implemente newy heir But the king has final say over the press, so no surprise there: blt why isn't there anything else? It's like they were erased colld it be that kre crt e entan h ena opren ht The snapdragon were murdered becalse of what they said about the royal family? by whom? e getat! v They predated the phantom scythe so maybe Sake was there in the very beginning maybe he'd know something And sandman too, since he's apparently still alive 0 suk 'clock news late fagf dety ictus Mailp oooh what the heck! immhl Hello! f8 clog Ca #i rrilr itold you to stop this. mast jud mvrt Theres a door use i!! nah, doors are too mainstream for me. besides, your face is worth it every single time. hvff I suppose i should know better. after two years of being friends with your unhinged *ss. two years ago Mp @lmb What the ahhh! what are you doing here?! says the person who just popped out of a window 0 7e Running away from trouble? Always! Blt , uh could you please not alert them? sure, you do you: Ill be here for a while. These archives are a mess, i can't find anything! oh, are you from the investigation lnit? yup lalren sinclair . got my detective badge a few months ago. Kym ladell, patrol unit! this is my first week! Though it might be my last i just drowned sergeant hawkes paperwork in coffee again so you're the newbie will's always on about! i've heard so much about you. hahahahi The day i make a normal entrance, assume im dying Lalren. this again? it's been ten years. That watch has been stopped equally as long Trle. but . it's different . you've turned it into an obsession. kym i think i've found a lead . There are still so many threads to untangle but i'm onto them; finally it's there's. something i haven't told you. I know. what is it? The day i hit my head, it wasn't just typical trouble on my way to the station: there was, someone who? tim sake He's back in town. What?! where did you see him? On amity street. i guess you could say we bumped into each other. Really? why do i have this weird feeling that you ended up chasing him down . eh well i know , i shouldn't have, but . He basically admitted his involvement in allendale. laureni i believe you, but he still has a restraining order against you: and for good reasoni you've got to stay away from that guy! I know; it was wrong of me to follow him: but could i really just ignore him? after all he's done? Chow isn't even his only victim, he's been in the business for the past decade! i cant ignore it . the apd sholldn't ignore it. even though it's pointless to try to prove it with so little evidence whatever he told you it's still his word against yours in front of a judee justice will not be in your favor. what are you going to do? i don't really know yet nothing for the time being but i haven't given up trying to free chow's ex wife sid Lalren. could you please keep this between us? Cross my heart and hope to die @ru you're giving me anxiety , but il comply. That's not all. sake also mentioned he knew my parents' driver , abel sandman. they were both part of the phantom scythe: sandman was his getaway driver the day of the explosion. everyone believed sandman died in the car accident with my parents But sake was saying otherwise. What?! how's that possible? i dug up his altopsy report . the car's engine exploded as it fell down the ravine. so his body was too damaged for a proper identification. his missing finger was what confirmed it back then, but But you think it wasn't really him: which would mean your parents' death was not an accident . and as if that wasn't enough. sake insinlated children were kidnapped right before the allendale explosion. oh lalren , this is. terrible. it's. Lalren , i know what you're thinking . and the odds that dylan was among them are I know, kym; i know. You remember what happened when you got your hopes too high last time. Please don't ruin your life over this again:. i don't want to worry you, kym Too late. but now that i know all of this, i can't just let it go it wouldn't be right it wolldn't be fair. To my parents or any victim of allendale. i can't let two known killers run free after a decade of escaping justice. and. even if i can't prove anything i need to at least know what really happened To my parents and to dylan . i need to know . So i can finally make peace with it somehow. I understand lalren. which is why , as your friend it is my duty to make sure that you don't destroy your life over a decade old tragedy. I wish you'd acthally been losing sleep over the cute newbie rather than this. he's not that cute, alright . cutte enough to date, apparently M i'm still not over the fact that you neglected to tell me you'd met such a hottie. traitor. pout He is not he's a sarcastic, egotistical jerk. Aw, you really love him? i. do not Whatever, i don't care! today you're mine , i'm taking you out! huh?! are we going to call will? gpib No, he's working today. wait kym where are you going? the door is the other way the window! Uh no no, wait , kym i dont think 2 yes yes yesi see you tomorrow ms. desroses bye lieutenant hawkes! cptp Oh, william , finally Ive been waiting for you. Son