Purple hyacinth Episode '{ How is work these days, son? is yolr promotion treating you well? Yes, father. it's only been four months, but being lieutenant is an enjoyable challenge: Don't get complacent . you'll have to work and study harder if you want to be promoted to colonel. I haven't made so many efforts for you to stall in the position of lieutenant Yes, father. Nothing less than expected from the son of the former chief of police and general of the royal army . But now that i'm fully retired, it's yolr duty to uphold the family name: The hawkes have always been held in high esteem by the royal family and the public. Yes father, i am aware: Are you really? must i remind you that you failed your lieutenant exam the first time around? i've always excelled it was a one time mistake. you may have made it this far becalse i've pushed you in the back all these years but you won't keep yolr position with half measures to progress you must redouble your efforts. you have been granted an amazing opportunity . you must find lune to get promoted to colonel Your discipline and the image you project must be beyond question. everything counts. there's no time for any idiocies like your so called friends. You've taught me to manage my time well. i am not wasting it . befriending the sinclair's daughter is a waste of time. she may be tristan's niece, but she's a disgrace to the department and sullies your reputation by association: She's been making amends for her mistake and everyone i don't care what your precinct thinks of her. glik i have talght you principles and values, but you are responsible for your actions, after all. I know you won't disappoint me again . Yes, father. enough about work. did you consider what we talked about last time? I have, yes, but i believe these things shouldn't be rushed Hahahai meeting new people is hardly rushing you should really consider the darcy's girl. She's your age comes from a proper noble family by all appearances she's clever and poised. Hmm: still nothing new from mother's docter? actlally the doctor saw her today her condition has deteriorated again he said she only has two or three months left covch It's been years and yet still no explanation. She's being seen by the city's finest . it pains me more than i can say, but there's nothing we can do, son. i'm still not ready to give up, father. I don't want to let her go I know, william: you've always been your mother's son. But there really isn't anything else left to try. we have to accept it Luxuuz Cad Please not again today Lu Ish Good evening , mother: My son. Kliss Is that you. Rafael? Teob Yes, mother. I'm so glad to see you, my dear son. It's been so long . im happy you're home. how have you been feeling? did anna read you the books i brought for you? Little by little you're always so considerate, rafael. are you going to stay with me all night again? i will stay by your side, but you should rest now. i came to wish you good night . You're not leaving , aren't you? No, of course not. I' never leave you, mother. Ah, good. goodnight then, my son. your mother loves you dearly Sleep well, mother. Cunul Llapk Clhk Hahahai meeting new people is not rushing. you choud deai v concidfd The darcy's girl. she has your age, comes from a proper, noble family . i've seen her Once, she looks clever and poised. oh, william: i just wish i were able to attend your wedding . To see you happy before i go Is that you. Rafael? thkha Mh shiff Rafael? Mml I must keep on pretending In the end. there's just you and me.