Are you able to hit all the moving targets?! How many shots we got? You'll have six darts. Hm:. how boring . Pibsh ih fwbe How about three knives? No; sir ! i don't think that's safe S1a Woah. you're pretty good. How did you learn to do that? i have some experience with acrobatics. i was actually considering joining your troupe. Oh then get in line, pretty boy our alditions are next month. oh? how long's the line? We have people from all over the country and beyond wanting to join the company . If you want to keep up with the pantheon, you'l have to do better than that. the pantheon? sounds a little pretentious. They've earned it . they're the elites. hephaestus, artemis zephyr. those guys. I've worked with them in the past and they're really incredible they're the closest to the boss. you really have to be exceptional to reach that level. well, now i'm looking forward to seeing them tonight even more. Do you have any other big shows coming up after this carnival? Officer. So, what did yu find? Oh. not much, unfortunately you? Some information on the circus, and the show on february 17th. It will be held at viscount redcliff's mansion, as part of the annual ball he organizes. Apparently the ticket proceeds all g0 to charity huh; hermann mentioned that a few weeks ago. the viscount has asked a couple of precincts to send in vollnteers to work security that night. I assumed mostly nobles and wealthy bourgeois would be invited. why would flemmings attend the private reception? He is a wealthy banker the question is who he's going to meet there anyways let's go please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode 70 It's so dark. i can't see much. hbsh Is there someone. Standing in the middle of the stage? Spin Vnul Welcome to circus royal And please, enjoy the show Doyom Aak What's happening? Laoy unl cung] U wilurs! {tls: Hubal? Pnl 7dm1u G8l' an 4 s1b, Wow! she just sliced his blindfold up! sn? Wait why does he look so familiar? clp cup clil The music changed . thp @p Swt Zn}tu Pvll Wait that tattoo Look at her thigh! i's the same one i saw on the messenger's wrist at carmine! The pianist has the same tattoo on his wrist . (zzes; Onto our next number. Where's the voice coming from? that's kinda spooky. u dod" Taming flames right out of deepest pits of helli ssle Vil The mighty fire danceri It's heri mm Kujn Hestiai Belladonna davenport Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist