Purple hyacinth Episode 75 rafael? a7sseer /p Will you be okay if i go after the lieutenant? (o Muw /. up 8p Rafaeli how many times are you going to run away? t88? I know you recognized mei scok You. William: Ten years. We didn't even know if you were alive. i When did you come back to ardhalis? You've been here the whole time? Is this the reason you left 4s? Hey! you better have a f*cking explanation Because ive been waiting for one for the past ten years! Im sorry , william. you're sorry? That's it? Do you even know what i went through because of you? did you know mother is dying and when she sees me squp 61p she calls for you! and youre "sorry" Not even a goodbye. only a miserable letter you never planned to come back, did you? You are lune. And youe been working with the purple hy acinth . he was following us the whole time?! 8 sons eon Ja and he knows who kieran is? I figured you might not be very cooperative at first , so i took precaltions. If you don't want this picture leaked to yolr superiors , get me anslow's photo and any copies of it . i'm going to untie you now, don't scream: Abel sandman. why are you alive? I think you mean, why are your parents dead? you must know by now it wasn't an accident . The phantom scythe ordered you to kill them? Yes. the leader himself. why? you know who he is? what did he have to do with my parents? No, i still have no idea who he is. but as for yolr parents. You've been to orion's print shop , seen the basement . i'm surprised you haven't figured it out already the snapdragon?! the phantom scythe was involved somehow. Getting closer. The phantom scythe killed them all? Hahaha! wrong answer, detective. Is that what they teach you in the academy? I i thought the phantom scythe was some sort of rival group . the phantom scythe is the snapdragon. Or rather, what it became. Ask yourself , what could turn a peaceful group like that into something like the phantom scythe? For sure, qlestionable individuals joined the second time around but Years of being trampled like insects, ignored and then killed like dogs. they had to try something new. Allendale was a demonstration of force. You mean; some members of the snapdragon survived? Even back in the early days, they knew their slrvival depended on anonymity. But rumor ran among the earliest members of ps. We were only a handful of members back then, closer to the apostles. Apparently, the leader was one of the snapdragon survivors. And the very few others became his first apostles. Sad tele[ one 0600 l ipv j t ) & since x 'ac` taterbury jne .' ; 'av' : ; sons owtgn What does this have to do with my parents? Everything. i was always driving them to weird places at strange hours Come on, ren, you're smart. you found the print shop somehow. their pamphlets. You're implying that. my parents were part of the snapdragon. But they survived the massacre even in its earliest days, the people to know the leader's identity were extremely rare. And those stepping out of the line, or traitors, eradicated no. rachel and alexander, your parents, they knew the leader. You know what that means right? they were apostles. Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist stap