Purple hyacinth Episode eint knl lshal yqhr parents swpl Sinclair accicent ate adal alexans alexander 26t novembet 1130 ate@t death; of de car sigeatrdbrge 87caen pusel etipitio raice They knew whq the leader was n wp } 4' la 1 ] iragedy 1 thans nore" 76& {da xaksaa november 26th, 16y november z6th, xxt car car sinclairs and sinclairs and yqh know what that means, right? we xxi7: ferrible accident e terrible carries accident carries the' thei the ' thei They Were yen hllne qe valllelceller tsrataly aaitiotate| Apostles; Id knup Oinnd Yv v | ves Your parenis nere tro of the leader s first aposies: Bhbur it cant be they couldnt have They knew who the leader was wm h how? How can you know for slre? I don't. soon after the atst i received the order to kill them: They didn't know i was a phantom scythe member at the time. And i was never told what their role was. But i heard things, and one night . I overheard them talking. He will kill us, alex. We know who he is. we've been with him since the start. It was never supposed to turn out like this. this isn't the snapdragon anymore. what happened to the other survivors. i'm sure it was his doing. I know. whatever happens. We must do what we can to protect her. They already knew the leader was after them: They knew who he is. And in the phantom scythe Only the apostles know the leader. ( If this is true did they Know about the explosion too? Did they endorse it? And they just let us ?! I never suspected anthing I never heard a single lie that hinted at any of it can i even believe him? He isnt lying He isnt lying he killed my parents becalse the leader ordered him to. Because they were apostles and what?! they did something he didnt like?! Why? why would he and you how could you? how could you? My parents were good to you why didn't yol warn them?! I loved rachel and alexander , but it was them or. well, i think they knew what fate was awaiting them. how colld they Vh m hmr 2 pe Why? why tell me all of this? you could've just blackmailed me with the picture you showed me. As hypocritical as it sounds. i want to help you. zcotf Is regret what happened to yolr parents. that i left you an orphan. i've made so many orphans. I've been a mercenary for the phantom scythe for a decade. I've killed, stolen, spied for them: wrecked so many lives, including yours. completely destroyed mine too. as far as anyone knows i officially died in that car accident . im only a ghost . executing endless dirty work lntil i actually die. At some point , the leader's goal may have been justified but i'm afraid what comes next is worse than anything we've seen before. So why me? becalse of lune? i want to make at least one thing right . so i'm starting with you. and maybe if you succeed. i' get to watch the bastards burn . The purple hyacinth already gives you vallable insight into the phantom scythe. but i've been in the business mlch longer than him: And you revealed all of this to me in exchange for anslow's picture? And what? my f*cking forgiveness? Just the picture: Consider the rest in mutual self interest . cuckl T il get you the picture: you still haven't answered. Why were you ordered to kill my parents? i don't know. The leader didn't say. maybe they wanted to quit too. but no one leaves the phantom scythe alive. I see. Twy Considering lune's work, i'm guessing you're trying to find apostle vi!. tracking the subordinates coordinating his weapons import? Yes. Do you know anything about it? probably only as much as you do lick You've followed them more closely than i could. i know my old friend sake was involved there's a woman we still haven't been able to identify. middle aged, dark hair. she's in charge of weapons hideout . i don't know anything more: Hmm: il see what i can find. Looks like your cop friends are getting closer, little ren: tcity; Expect to hear from me in two weeks. Il have that woman's name by then. do not try to lok for me or contact me. and you'd better not forget about anslow's picture. Sandman. stul? Dont ever call me ren again . One last thing On the day of the explosion I know a third phantom scythe member was with you in the car, robin delaney . And there were children. what happened to them? delaney didn't last long . executed. and i don't know about the children: flaup Oisue Did you know any of the children? No f mymy Gp Aula Clear. Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist stap