Ardhalis police department rooouoouoooodooooo ppat @cuk step Purple hyacinth Episode Good morning , everyone! Hello, officer 25 sinclair! cute secretary lila desroses administrative unit 1lth precinct ardhalis police department tix)i` | Hmph officer lukas "grumpy cat" randall patrol unit ilth precinct ardhalis police department i swear to god, if i have to greet another human being this morning . Somebody might die. Lalren! Woe is mei 0 helpeth me , milady! I don't know if i can do this anymore? My soul aches from lack of sleep! shape up and stop whining! slap: Lauren and i slept as much as you did and we're perfectly fine. wrong lauren never sleeps. guilty! At least it's a perfect day for patrolling and running after good for nothings! Patrolling? what about all your unfinished paperwork? s 7 oh no! i have such a terrible headache! i feel like i'm going to faint! Ladell! i didn't know you had such obvious talent for acting have you considered a career change? you might do better there oh, screw sergeant ladell Present . you are requested at the shooting range in forty five minutes. you'll be replacing sergeant collins , supervising for the firearm examination . Yes, sir! i will be there. what a shame, lieutenant . i think my acting career will have to wait . wak Looks like a certain someone and their awesome skills are still needed here. lev Excuse me, ms. desroses. could you please put this pile of paperwork on ladell's desk when she comes back? i would really appreciate it w with pleasure , lieutenant . Crack. They are completely adorable this morning , aren't they? Ugh i wish it was illegal to be that energetic. We have a meeting in the briefing room: you better go before i request you three as my next shooting practice targets after that, you'd be silent forever Greetings , captain hermanni stfep Good morning to all as many of you already know, two high priority citizens were murdered last night , in the 11th precinct . We are dealing with the purple hyacinth again: Thanks to officer sinclair , we now know he is male, arolnd 5"9 tall, and 20 to 30 years old. He's surely gone back into hiding , but nonetheless please report anyone acting suspiciously who matches this description: the castle has already been alerted and we are awaiting more specific directives from the chief of police. yes siri Except that isn't all i know about him: i've seen his bare face I know exactly what he looks like, and where he'll be tonight . were so close to catching him also, by the end of this week, i want vollnteers to work security for viscount redcliff's annual ball on february 17th. Tr his majesty's right hand, lord rhysmel, has personally requested our public presence at the event . many high profile members of the nobility are expected to attend. tar If you do decide to volunteer know that as representatives of the ardhalis police department your performance there must be impeccable: that is all for today. you are dismissed. slaps Yes sir He's the purple hyacinth, he'll probably suspect i won't come alone: maybe it's a trap maybe? hai of course it's a trap . step He knew about me even if he wasn't lying, i don't trust his little "deal' for a second. Alright everybody listen up! 10 Those on the next patrol round , follow me. we'll go through the itinerary for this morn Excuse me william: i'll be back in a few minutes! Lauren, you shouldn't. I have to make sure they catch him tonight somehow. how am i ever going to explain any of this? fermann was, um, thinking about de la rocca's murder last night! and came up with few theories that might be useful to the investiga officer sinclair by the looks of the bags under your eyes have no doubt you spent the entire night obsessing over this and concocted many theories as always your attention to details and analytical perception on crime scene is remarkable however cufu must remind you. any That there is reason yol aren't on the investigation unit anymore, officer? It's a lie! Hes lying but i If you recall any additional details of his appearance , please report them to the detective in charge of the case. the investigation lnit will follow up on any clues that they think could help us trace the assassin's plans. but , truthfully i would rather you didn't involve yourself in this further youve embarrassed us enough in the past . Captain! there's a call waiting for you in your office! I know that you are exceptionally talented, but you are too personally involved for me to allow you to investigate the sigh: phantom scythe again your thinking and actions would be biased. perhaps you should consider spending your nights sleeping instead of theorizing , so that you can be ready for your actual duties. speaking of i believe your division is about to leave for patrol. Have a good day , officer. After all this time one mistake is all it takes Purple hyacinth ost music let's make it spicy: co creator co creator and artist