Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode p mertenaer dtoru craed solra cento cttes srh I miss hunting down double agents eo berat cei tsk i'l have to be carefll with this one I've never seen you so protective over someone since. (lenu You. you were that boy. I see. They know. And they've blackmailed you too. They want to tlrn you into an assassin, make you their pawn. Do it , boy i know who you have to do it for. But listen to me. They will make you take many lives but never let them take your soul Never forget who you are. i know this isnt you. never let it become you You hear me? Do not become the monster they want you to be you hear me, kieran? Now , do it! kill mei Dphpp Drl nc Pllll @mr Dhm Citmo Sui @lhk I chose blades over guns for very different reasons. I never thought . I would have to wait for so long . C0 cevnu vvz Tw Cmg Apostles. 78u the leaders closest allies how how?! i dedicated my life to finding the head behind all these abominations while they pvll they were two of its thirteen founding pillars even if they were survivors of the snapdragon how could they go so far? How could they stand behind a psychopath like that? And only to be killed for it hundreds of people were killed for it i almost was too Mhk and dylan Sandman za It was it was a lie No sandman knew him His body missing . There was only his hat and with what sake said Are the people in the car still alive?! Yes. No I dont know Did they take him? f49 nelitior j 354/+9 29 4 1054/o4 mectoncnc fedlam scjcttbua 7244 'program 'tized n6/ t. 'jw 6e.6 2 , 7tko 0787241 @ex fac 349 hienne 3669 ia ops why would they? where did they bring him? lone0 decenba agoncy = 076138449 castillo elghty ruagu teed tnino insida jthere = and wec e 'supporty dellve troops ! jering inltiated . jcto perlod , uaed Does it mean m t That he could still be W e am 6 u an 'n 724 ( 874 micn eral 2349 bonnaud, opposition rober research (translations [ service translation revolutionaires 6 17. 2349a boumedienne algiers vjout [adlie and All these years, 7lp I've hoped for a hint that you somehow survived the explosion everyone kept telling me you were gone: i believed it too. but something was off. How could your hat be intact in the midst of all the destruction? 34 i wanted i needed to know blt imagining you survived and were taken by these monsters ci b us 437 ao j4o robe blt if there on is chance an ever so slight chance that you could still be je s c /46. > almri aolitt 6 "toms 13stin abicn. iewf mj. ublished 1+30. ernd 1*70. 8odbtim 47 comnist: 'mdies drahem. mpured dr'bion sudie dienn net bonue uncerty walthaitt pnial acerc comfo mass . afiean ruments fbam ndhde studie research microfche alserbs; fedenl se auluons j970] spring[ sicntitk 6 shects a bonnaud. oppostion fseznh vanslations afrien I know you didn't mean to kill me. that you could still be Alive. Alive. Lalren sinclair . Lauren? it's march . sorry to disturb you so late. is there an emergency at the precinct? Do you need me to come in? no hum. Listen , i really sholldn't be calling you right now , but i wanted to give you a heads up . what's going on? tim sake was murdered tonight . tjense What?! We just got back from the crime scene. Same m.o. as harvey . things are not looking great for you. I isee. i'm a suspect? Hermann will want to check your alibi . sorry i ihave to go Ill see you tomorrow . also i never called you. Khf un kieran was right . Great . Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist