Purple hyacinth Episode Gppp Tap 7#pl Mmoj You might want to read the newspaper before going to the precinct this morning . bwo sc the uhe nene murder royale's ' horrible ` circus the uribumo faal no healesi I saw. sake was murdered . Most probably by the same assassin who tok harvey's life. royales scene horrible murder | the circus e You weren't home last night where did you go? to the circus, actually . Axa' murder le Oh, lauren. i wonder what's more impressive? your knack for spotting lies. or your talent for getting yourself into sticky sithations? I spent the night thinking about it . This is going to be a very long day Hlsi Cuk whltk Laureni Hey, guys. Have you heard the news? I did So did everyone apparently . Where were you last night? don't tell me you were I was at the circus. Oh, lalren . I left the show around halfway through. Didn't hear about the murder until this morning. i know they'll be on my back because of my history with sake. This is not looking good for you, lalren. I know. 2 glab I just wanted to tell you guys first . Before they come interview me ti6hten Becalse i don't know how this is all going to go down . Zeack ( Bmmm Hey Are you okay? They don't even know i was there last night and they're already eyeing me. As if i'm about to sprinkle golden viper venom in their coffee. when will this damn mistake finally be behind me? Did you make it home safely yesterday? were you seen? i made it home. eventually. What exactly happened with sake last year? i know it got you demoted , but i didn't imagine it wolld warrant this kind of suspicion . My outburst with sake earned me restraining order and my accusations weren't taken into consideration becalse his alibis checked out the phantom scythe's speciality is rocksolid alibis i still wasn't ready to give it up so one night i followed him hoping to catch him red handed on phantom scythe business i dont een kno thinking any evidence retrieved like that would be worthless in court. there are simpler ways to wind up in jail if you so desperately want to. I lost sight of him around a corner. And then i heard a glnshot . Bang I ran there, only to find sake bleeding on the ground. The shooter was already gone. i administered first ald and had someone call an ambulance for him. You saved his life? Trust me, that's not what the apd tholght at first . i broke the restraining order by getting close to him: and had his blood all over my hands when they found us. Luckily , witness confirmed i only got there after he was hurt . And how did you explain that lucky coincidence to your colleagues? told them you were idly strolling by? Basically. i suppose they were rightfully suspicious. i could have walked away , but i couldn't bring myself to let him die. and today , i wonder if i really should have. How many more lives were taken becalse his was saved? No, you did the right thing But you are in deep sh*t. i am. So what were you doing last night? did you come up with an alibi? no il tell them i was at the circus. what?! The whole point of running away is meaningless if you literally tell them you were therei I spoke to circus members when we split up before the show last night. i wasn't even disguised. if the apd questions them which they surely will, and someone exposes me, it'll only make everything worse i see: you colld say you were with me on a date last night it worked fine last time and it shouldn't be too surprising . It's too risky and might get both of us in trouble. i'm on their list of lune suspects. we should associate as little as possible. then, what are you going to tell them? The truth Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist