Fhonff Purple hyacinth Episode officer! it's a pleasure to see you. kaock; clay I didn't know if you'd come. This was your plan it was risky to leave my house. What was so necessary that you absolutely had to drag me here? i hope you didn't make me cross the whole 11th district for nothing . why of course not! please step inside my humble abode: Would you like some refreshments? water? tea, maybe? uak Coffee. black. a gallon , please haha! sure; but i think the news i have for you will be enough to keep you awake. We should make this quick. i have to go back before they notice i'm gone. So, earlier today you said you found a witness? after hearing about your little misadventures with our good friend sake. I couldn't resist the temptation to look into chow's case file. the way sake wormed out of suspicion was acthally quite clever. Right after the poker game. he visited his neighbor to have a beer with him purposefully to be seen at home that night . then he snuck out of his apartment to murder chow. and went straight to maria's after to hide the murder weapon. Correct . i read the transcripts too you really did lose it , officer. And your hair trigger temper hasn't changed mlch since: Yeah. But with an ability like yours. it would have driven anyone to the edge. Still not an excuse to slam people into walls though. Yeah. it is not. I should know. Anyway , i've investigated sake the last few days for information on his past jobs. Turns out he has quite the record, and wasn't always the most stealthy hitman out there. whenever there was a witness, he'd kill them too, or at least threaten to do so. sounds like him: In the file i've found the names of all the people brought in for interrogation. the woman living right beside the crime scene you never met her because of your little outburst she swore up and down she hadn't seen anything so i paid her a little visit you know; just to check if her version of tale would still be the same now that sake's death is all over the papers And? what did she say? she used t live right next t the alley where sake murdered chow. She witnessed everything from her window, but sake noticed. and before she could tell anything to the cops over the phone: He was pointing a knife to her throat. She confessed to you?! She's ready to speak in court What And obviously ive asked her to pretend she never saw me. she just spontaneously decided to come clean! Kieran, that's. incredible. If she's willing to change her statement the case could be reopened. Why? why are you doing this? No particular reason. I can help you, but for this to work you'll have to be honest about what happened between you and sake. sqwnts I will. Here's your coffee. " bm" Monster (pip S so uh. when we went to the circus you mentioned having had a little chat with sake a few days before. j What exactly did he tell you? We didn't talk about chow's case then. but the night we infiltrated the restalrant i overheard him telling belladonna about it . I drugged the ex wife, got her prints on the knife. And hid it in her bedroom after i was done. hmm, i see. That's gonna be hard to prove now that he's dead. even if the witness is willing to change her statement , we'll also need evidence to back it up when i saved sake last year i found a bottle of a black market sedative on him. 0 2 strong enough to put a horse to sleep Yeah, i think i know that one. Would've knocked maria out before she even noticed the change in her stew's seasoning I wasn't able to submit it as evidence last year but if sake really has a record maybe we can find other cases where he used the same m.o. and try to establish a correlation. it still wouldn't be enough, but it'd be a start. It's your time to shine. Detective