Episoooode 83? Gulp wlp "it Another roundi!! Yes. No bad idea. last time we had an apd you're party you not my boss tonight i can do what i want! besides nothing bad happened last timei Do it kym. do it . she only says that because she doesnt remember Stop encouraging her , randalli don't listen to hawkes he's not good for you: randalli Oh , laureni pos 06 caela cgodn Why is this miscreant raining on my parade? no idea. 7htnr Finei i'll get you something chape lp yayyy i' m coming with y man Stay put unless you want to make a very intimate encounter with the floor. im going . So kieran , what were you doing before the apd? Oh, i've had a few other student jobs here and there. i was studying criminology and i was abroad for a while, actually. i only came back recently . so why apply to be an archivist? honestly it does more to pay the rent than finishing my degree would But it's calm and simple: and that's something i want in my life right now. Lw sl#h Ever considered swapping dusty bookshelves for the cop academy? You seem pretty strong, you could stand the program: Oh, i'm way too scared of getting shot . besides, i don't even know how to use a gun. never touched one. Lmtms i've never seen him lse one before never figured out why he lses a sword either Ukllk huh well f*ck. t Are you single? toot} mnidi 45 n i'm sure the lovely women over there would be eager to be introduced dier tstivai ' hocal utritmai te 7p Oh haha, well i'm not really looking for anything right now. but i have a lot of friends i can introduce them to if needed I have to make everyones life miserablei yes, exactly , kym. now again but louder. i have to make everyones life miserablei Your poison, miss (lanlr Gwtt s1ir This is water. your sacrifice will not be forgotten, lieltenant farewell. you tried to trick mei Ah, yes another one to my collection. stalize Here it is, the beginning of the end. I see right through y Dngzk quilai H mh Bje no! 70 You cant touch him! ahem sergeant ladell don think we can no not you, march! huh? no you canti pr7ulr; knezdol This mans taken What? Is that true, kieran? intelligemce Oh haha , ind 7/ He's Minei Psk/h Huh really kieran is that true? hahaha haha. ghs dpamtic .hahaha hahai? Cheersi the world has already ended haha no p yeah hes right . were not yet! but i called dibs! Dtt so none of y' all touch him 1 got it? hey ! get in linei i was here first! kym: Get down laureni you're back! hihihi kktoa = pvl 7h I think i might have accidentally stolen your man , sorry? Talking about stealing hearts. M (ets iur Randall. Covgt colgh Look at your nine 0'clock. No! there are better ways , williami we need to end her or well all die not those two hopeless souls it's about time we talked about our sweet miss desroses. I'm sure you stole her heart quite a while ago She's so nervous around you: but it's only because she wants to kiss you. look at the way she looks at you! That's fear because he keeps threatening her all the time ! wait , shush, will. this might be good. yes, shut up will. Never mind im leaving shhh , will. shhhh awwwwwwi dont be so shy! gpab Look, it's not that hard! (pw G1he Hmor See! it's easy! did you catch that on camera? you want to buy my blackmail? for research purposes. taifh) i need another aaa drink aaa aaa kaa ae @m08l pence. 10 5. sold. You have no idea how happy you'l be to forget this. in the meantime, it's dance 0'clock! Keep calm drink deer tequilai I wanted to tell you: i will not get involved with them outside of the office Nor put them in any danger. not even if i'm ordered to. Let's get some water, it's so hot in here? exit I'l be right back Oh! that's where you were hiding willame? Hiding from you , ladell, yes Stop sulking in your corner and come dance with us N no! stay away! 721p Stop! wowowow owowow ladell?! Oh. you smell like pine trees. hey! dont fall asleep on mei Hmm. hm. Idiot . prt sigl Hey kieran. 7 7awk Where are you going?