Purple hyacinth Episode Hionu ju victims of the allendale train station tragedy and those who perished while braving the danger to help you will be remembered . thank you in peace. again for. accompanying me here today. if it wasn't for hermann pvil No, you don't have to thank me. i have my own visits to make here. i won't be too far! Dylan rosenthal xxo5 xx That day we buried an empty casket. Planted a tombstone with your name on it. Yet a part of me never buried you. everyone tholght you were dead. blt you weren't in there. and if you weren't then you colld've been somewhere else Somehow. alive. you could have but 'they're dead ." even if you were one of them: you'd be gone now. You're gone Everyone's gone All of these victims becalse of one man's crazy dream to change the world. becalse our rulers chose to ignore their people's suffering. Were my parents responsible for this? Did they know? Dxop My own parents i don't spvy want to believe it but z They created this very thing i swore to take down. piac Whether they wanted to quit or not They were guilty Rachel adwell alexander sinclair james sinclair x982 xxiz xx980 xxiz And i never noticed anything. Never heard any lie. never how could they? why? Nothing is worth so many lives destroyed nothing blt i'l never know 74a s70p Their secrets died withh them: o/ xx980 what am i even supposed to believe at this point? o why is it always the same thing over and over again. I've come to know so much. yet %o i know nothing glnko v it isn't like that in our precinct. everything here is so. different . < Are you really that different , though? he was right it never ends. not like this As cops, we're battling the phantom scythe But the phantom scythe was created by the system we uphold. An endless vicious cycle: Carefll, sinclair . you'll end up catching a cold. Did he lose someone that day too? Yeah, sorry I think we can go alright , let's leave. zilf Thanks for not running away . i probably would've been too scared to face hermann again: hahai hahaha, you're welcome. Elows dom Oh! i think it stopped raining. It's crazy how time doesn't change anything. march rosie = xxo5 xxil It's been so many years. my daughter, rosie, she would've been yolr age, you know. You reminded me a lot of her when i was visiting your parents when you were little. Yeah, i remember a little bit . you worked on cases together two brilliant lawyers, really . but my parents , they they arent who you think they are rosie was only six rosie ] march And annabelle she was the most exceptional woman i have ever known . 'leigh x98 annabelle = march I've spent so much time wondering why them? march rosie xxo5 xxi! When so many criminals are out there, unapologetically living there isn't any reason or fairness in it if there's one thing i learned with olr work is that we don't get to choose whom tragedies fall upon I knew you had a family but if i may ask, how did they pass? Rosie was. sick. we had tried everything we could but we couldn't save her. and annabelle. she fell into the bloody hands of criminals that have been plaguing ardhalis for too long . x98 'leigh annabelle = march She was murdered? I am so sorry to hear that. So am i it's why we became both detectives, isn't it? to restore balance in this world . (( 0 Fighting for justice seems noble and naive at the same time. I joined the police academy with so many ideals, all shattered in only so few years. there are definitely many wrong things with the current system but In the end it's all about what you are prepared to do and what you'll defend with all your soul: if there are things that are wrong , you must try to make a difference. Didn't lead me very far. How can we defend these ideals if the system is constantly keeping you on the ropes for trying you fighht But is it really worth it? the things i've done. am doing . i deserve what i've gotten. all my life i've been told to let things go that there wasn't anything i could do about them; that it was too late or pointless. Or that no one would believe me. i should've listened . just look at the disastrous outcome of chow's case. Forgive me, but if there's one thing chow's case teaches us is that there are calses that must be defended. even if they seem lost . even if you're the last one standing. Zhuby Yes, you have committed mistakes. But what matters is how you move forward from this point on . learn from your mistakes. Become a better version of yourself to fight for your calse. Ifyou stop fighting now Will you ever end up regretting it? It is hard i know. believe me i do when i open my eyes in the morning , when i feel the warmth of the sun or breathe in the evening breeze. It reminds me that they're still here helping me fight in this system: And i fight for what they've given me and what they should've been given in this life. and i'll continle to always do my best for them So what about you, sinclair? Okay, let me do one last thing before we leave. Do it quick. i have to go soon and i believe you have a big party to attend to. Yes, it won't be long . Tx Dylan . If you're 4p there somewhere. With everything that happened in the last months i didn't know what to believe anymore Blt one thing has not changed I will never stop fighting for you I just wish you were by my side. To guide me Somehow. a Vnuk kpuk ulhk And the new year's party Begins Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist