Purple hyacinth Episode 'g1 llad Ukk Good evening everybody . thank you for coming i hope you all enjoy your stay. wow ms. sinclair has grown into a fine lady oh ms sinclair looks ravishing tonighti Hawkes! and william' come in, come in! how have you two been? as per uslal, tristan: and yourself? Work is not giving me one second to breathe. But i am glad i could take at least this night off and gather some friends and family for the celebrations. your new year's parties are always exceptional. It would've been a shame to miss it my my ms lalren you remind me so mlch of your mother. growing more and more into ravishing young lady every time i see you. Thank you so much, duke hawkes. it's a pleasure to see you again: i'm glad you could make it too; william. and recovered from last night wik It's been tradition for as long as our families have known each other. it would be a bad omen to miss it . you look stlnning in that dress, lalren. i warned you being chief of police is no easy task. but your work trlly speaks to yolr dedication. I don't regret my choice of successor. seeing how hectic things are now i can't imagine how you managed the allendale events when you were still chief. you certainly earned your promotion to army general. why do they always repeat the same thing every year At least now that i'm retired from my functions in the royal army i have more time for myself and my dear josephine. As much as we love coming here each year we can't stay long, we must return to her side: totally understandable , hawkes. s we all wish she could be here with us tonight. please excuse us, tristan. we should go say hello to everyone. come with me, william: there are a few people i want you to meet. I'm counting on you to make a good impression. yes, father. what is his father setting him 4p for again? anl 70 Dakani you made it ! God; yes. it was so hard to escape the castle, but here i am' Where's our girl? Laureni im so glad to finally see you, little ren! Polk You're always locked up in your tower. blt uncle would've sent the entire apd to bring you here if you didn't show up. So romantic , isn't he? Yes, so romantic . 4 vol ep Must be nice for you two to see each other again! let's g in and grab drink , shall we? Come on, we all know dakan is really here to see you, uncle. let's get you away from the door before your ministers find you and drag you back to the castle. Don't worry tristan. i intend to stay hidden here for as long as i can. 0 nod I haven't eaten anything other than a blueberry since season one. Yes, absolutely . My sandw mu Nooooooo ooooooooo0 ooooo!l! wait that's Mr evans?! is that his wife?! i'm still not married. how did he end up here?! wiak Excuse me for a moment! i forgot to tell my uncle something . That he seriously needs to reconsider his guest list are you done with yolr drinks? hm, yes. here, i'll take care of the glasses. oh thank you Gotta dip. (uxk caul Why do i always end up with so many cups? Ah. time flies, doesn't it? It makes me regret not taking you to the castle with me. As unkind as that environment is, i wish i could've been more present for you. Are we about to have a serious conversation while i'm holding three glasses? What are you talking about? you were always here when i was little. And with all your responsibilities, you couldn't take me in. yop we are that's exactly what's happening. Besides, i have no idea how i could've put up with all those annoying protocols. Im glad you've at least had a semblance of normal adolescence away from the castle it's mainly why your uncle and i decided it would be best if you lived with him. you know. your father and i, we were inseparable since he came to ardhalis for college he met your mother in law school Before i realized how quickly time had flown by they were already married and asking 4s to be your godfathers. Does he know they were apostles? you sound like an old man, dakan. haha! i think i do indeed. I never thought. they'd have to die so soon: murdered by none other than their driver, another phantom sycthe member. does my uncle know? he and dakan were the closest to my parents. f l he's never let anything slip though X as reminiscing about rachel and alexander? 0 | the allendale tragedy and the following horrid days left profound scars on all of 4s. Many things would have been different had the police and army had the right information. Yes, the outcome may have been very different had certain decisions been more thought through. With the uncertain loyalties of the time , any decision was a leap of faith. Showing strength in face of the enemy was the priority. What is this all about? Come on now, my old friends. now is not the time to stir up ardhalis' past. This night is for festivity and hope for a better new year after alli You're right . Excuse us; tristan. Yes, terribly sorry, tristan. And we shouldn't have argued in front of the sinclair's picture: They were always exemplary people There was never an argument we colldn't settle. Or maybe him?! i never found out what he lied about on that day could it be related? I'm getting paranoid. i need fresh air. oh! excuse me , i just remembered i forgot to greet someone. h i'll see you later! Don't worry . There might be someone else arriving soon keep an eye out! il come by too in just a few moments. sure, no problem! tp 7ap Who's arriving this late? Cibbllf Catk {lk have fun tonight , milady! I will thank you for driving me. you're too nice , milady . you don't have to thank me everytime! fv €lk 7ol tl Oh welcome, i don't think we've met before. We haven't indeed i assume you're ms. sinclair? Yes and you are. Oh you've finally arrived. i've been eagerly waiting for you: Lady neyra elena darcy Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist