Bella Zd/ | Dqh Vamnp Zntalz Pimnp Zntatz What are you doing here? It's been long time, bella. is this any way to greet an old friend? If we still are friends, anyways. tk After you disappeared two years ago never thought there was a reason? Neyra hahaha. i sure hope there is. Why are you here? you're not easy to find you know. You are almost never with the circus. And you're completely untraceable the rest of the time. But now that i finally found you. I need your help . tlel Oh? and how could a commoner like me be of any help to you princess? Just like last time. only this time, i need to escape. Here's a location we can meet again escape from what? n2o The dull and boring life of privilege? shove A life i never chose: you of all people: Should know how that feels. linu So you did all of this to find me just to help you "escape"? Sounds like a reach dear. I guess so ru/ Cog How entertaining dont ever come back here i dont want to see you Uruk Su Purple hyacinth Episode Evening captain. uzhuk Three nobles were murdered last night golden viper venom again. two in 1oth district and one in ours. the bodies were found this morning . I see our serial killer is on a spree. tonight's mlrders don't seem related to harvey's or sake's. the three nobles also had no apparent ties to each other. sup I believe we're dealing with a hitman from the phantom scythe. we know some of their assassins accept contracts for cash on the side. And what about sinclair? who was with her last night? Officer sinclair was home the entire night . dozens of glests, chief sinclair and lord rhysmel can confirm it . I see. that's good for her, i suppose: So hapy tmul yolre not murderer laureni!! hermann will have no choice but to cut you some slack now wl s stills three mlrders in one night? that's insane: know right! and so soon after the circus there's no clear connection so it must be some sort of contract killer ah: let's stop talking about this murder it's giving me headache just want to forget about this morning Earlier that day. Ahhhhh this is horriblei horrendous! my heart cannot handle this stress! i Me you'll be okay, ma'am! we're the apd; here to help! milady! Milady can you stand? Lifeguard Paz Oh! this is all too stressfuli my poor heart cant take it! pbot;} Please administer cpr at oncei vis Im sure your girlfriend over there will understandi girf ?? hhmmh??mhi nnhhhhhh???w! Wait whos the girlfriend??? Me???! ma'am , you dont need cpri i know the situation might be stressful the stress is too much! Is my heart still beating??? ma'am this is sexual harassment! let g0 of him! i know you must be distressed! but don't make me arrest you! Please g0 home. we're handling the crime scene! vnng Pwkl Huh? crime scene? no , i cant leave 6h oh noo! what if the victims my but leeer ahhh?!?! wait she wasn't here becalse of the crime scene? i dont f*cking know covch @ov Im sure it's the same two feclnd felons again! they were at the carmine camelia too! those wicked predators have been tracking us waiting for us to lower our glard! and now they have taken my butt lerrrrr! wait the same two? are you talking about lune? Oh! so those assassins were lunei i knew they couldnt be trustedi Com ( al ua € Milady! milady! i have your brussels sprouts scented sorbet! Oh my beautiful 2 handsome but ler is back from the dead! cowl 4 cowk' Ol, lieutenant . You okay? do you also need cpr? huh? I can call hermann over to revive you. Ahhhh, so that's why will looks so disheveled wcp Hey guys. Evening , detective march. what did hermann say? Investigation unit will cooperate with other precincts to look for the culprit . With three murders in a row; the killer may have left some clles. the police might stand a chance to find something this time. otherwise good news for you, sinclair! yolr name will most probably be cleared becalse of last night's events. gruk Hermann will not be able to keep you on suspension without more evidence. i just wish that three brutal murders weren't necessary to prove my innocence in his eyes. Did you hear, kieran? Oh, yes, i've heard about the mlrders. it would send chills down anyone's spine: but i'm glad officer sinclair is no longer suspected I also have good newsconcerning chow's case. The file we presented to the court has been accepted. the appeal will start this week. Id The appeal was solved quickly. With our leads and the witness's testimony The investigation unit was able to gather enough evidence to prove maria's innocence. Seeing her freed felt like i did the right thing for the first time in a long while. But that relief was only for a short duration. Miss! miss! me? This is for you. tsk Wait! T 7p Vf id