Meet me vnder lawren(e bridge , tb morrow #t midnight . s Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode 90 It is the only copy as far as i know . Ai good I found the woman you were looking for. Her name is elvira llyod, 45 years old, living in the 11th district . pretty unremarkable background and never suspected to be part of the phantom scythe. She's had several jobs as manager and is currently the director of the glass factory on sherbrooke street , in the 11th as well Elvira lloyd. huh; yes. she's involved in the import and dissimulation of nitro in the 7th's operation: but i know nothing more for now . i see. thank you: how are yolr phantom scythe files coming along? clp When are you thinking of releasing them? By the end of this month: if i live until then; are you. planning on outing the purple hyacinth too? no. not for now at least . He's a precious help to our common goal. What made you choose this goal, exactly? what changed? In the phantom scythe the apostles' speciality is to find any of your weaknesses and use them against you. stl Sake needed me to steal money and when he dragged me into his shady business. He didn't forget to mention i had a dalghter to his apostle. clara you've seen her only once or twice, you probably can't remember. so they used her to blackmail you into doing their dirty work. I'm far from being the only one they used this tactic on. Before i even knew what the phantom scythe was they already knew everything on me. And you've worked all these years for the phantom scythe becalse of that? does she know you are alive? No it was better if she believed i was dead like everyone else. clara , you know, she. I used to take her skipping stones everyday. She wanted to learn so badly. hahaha, kids. I tholght it was silly back then, but now i treasure those memories a lot. clara was the only thing i had left . i watched her grow from afar marry into the noble grayson family becoming a lady I later realized she had started working as a double agent for the apd too. i wish i could've been there to prevent her. grayson. where have i heard about it before. ? You asked me what changed. Well. two months ago. On the night of november 13th 00sh Hmtl hmh Hmmf She was assassinated by none other than the purple hx acinth. Hello? officer sinclair here An emergency? What happened? Miss! please try to stay calm; you're safe now. You did the right thing , calling us right away can you tell us what happened? where is mrs. grayson? I wanted to make sure everything was alright but then i saw step stzp B blood. s so much blood and a limp hand sticking out of the doorframe and i Yes, i remember good morning to all. As many of you already know) two of our double agents were murdered last night in the m1th precinct . two people were murdered that night i chased after the purple hyacinth. lady grayson was his daughter?! but then Like i've told you, from that point on, i had nothing more to lose. I'm sorry for your dalghter. You are a strange man, sandman. you've killed my parents, and yet you come back 10 years later to help me and the killer of your dalghter ironic , isn't it? There is one thing you have to understand about the phantom scythe. when you are given an order , even if you don't execute it , someone else will. It's ^ a fate the victims cannot escape a fate that will be yours too or that of the people you care about if you refuse to obey and some people are more than happy to carry those orders to completion believe me. some others You know. His flowers made me understand that him and i are two sides of the same coin . What do you mean? Do you really think. fw The purple hyacinth is leaving flowers next to his victims as a threat to the royals? No Well then. @hrow Wait i'm not done yet. ksy There is something else i've meant to ask you. What was robin delaney doing in the car with you? ene that day delaney's role was to retrieve someone for the apostle: i never knew why don't know what happened after either, just that delaney was killed The apostle wanted the kid to be brought to him: the other. was collateral damage. Collateral damage?! what do you Watch out! fis Mn (u Dv What the hell was that? a hitman. they're already on my back. but We must never be seen together. leave il take care of the body leavei Gab Mp Suip Let's make it spicy: ireaders tears co creator co creator/artist ephemerys sophism @ephemerys ph @deadsophism editor: hb klein assistants: @aespi art @neekaarts @akikakies