Fwwdy Apostle iv in charge of assassinations and espionage tp Calk r ouap This is the fourth; reporting in. here are the spy reports on the seventh's weapons operation: Another undeclared nitroglycerine import arrived successfully yesterday. llyod and flemmings ensured its transfer to their usual hideout . t They are only waiting on one more, this 14th. iv they'l likely launch their little insurrection soon after. hahahai did the seventh really think we wouldn't notice? The traitors are falling like flies even within their own ranks. And what of the purple hy acinth? r a He's been lazing around that police station for weeks. pbd 00 0u still hasn't sent any news concerning lune. only his uslal reports on the precinct . s7nk Then perhaps we should remind him What happens to those who ignore my orders. My messenger is already on it . w) bolw L ld Purple hyacinth Episode Content warning: this episode contains allusions to abuse which may be triggering to some readers viewer discretion is advised Vi! 6 apostle vi! in charge of finances; weapon operation ( Zmy finally . i was starting to think you forgot about our rendez vous. (auk Bella s (lose You make me come all the way here instead of just sending your messenger and you expect me to be on time? @aok cnk That's awfully rude aren't you happy to see me? i'm seeing you too often since i started doing shows again. why are you even wearing that mask "seventh"? well this is serious official business after all apostles are required to wear one when they speak to their subordinates Li don't be ridicllous. Haha you're spoiling my fun. spin Here are the reports from my mst recent contracts give them to the fourth, i'm not going through the hassle of reaching out to his damned messenger must say , congratulations! you've become quite infamous grlesome and efficient just as always i'm sure the fourth will be pleased with your work of course do ever disappoint? oh by the way we received the delivery yesterday our last two players are still sticking to the plan like obedient pawns think neither flemmings nor elvira will surprise 4s. tss 1 1 0 spin Splendid! only a few more weeks before we can reclaim what's ours. isn't that exciting? Putting this city through fire and blood? Extremely i am bored out of my mind these days. Poor little thing . all those insipid , meaningless murders. you haven't had much fun since sake. almost a shame you killed him so quick. He was useless, and getting on my nerves. he only got what he was begging for and what about that curious police officer? 741c I had a few questions for him about the officer who almost exposed him: she's useful to my infiltration mission. I wanted to make sure sake wouldn't stab her to death in a backalley before im ready to get rid of Nca Nothing new. hasn't made a peep since My , my you are awfully serious today, bella. Lzans Something on your mind? Bella. A life i never chose. you of all people: should know how that feels. Absolutely nothing. Great! it would've been such a shame if that girl upset you again. 0 Our good old messenger let me know she visited you yesterday . You aren't still mad at me over her, i hope? you know it was for yolr own good. Emotions will only get you killed, bella. i've talght you better than that. they would only make you lose your u clvte Spark and you know i have no use for dead matches. Blt a single spark can burn you down . so be careful how you play with it haha! there you are, bella! i knew you weren't hiding too deep . do you need me for something else? pelgar I received new mission for you this morning , bella. the leader wants you to keep an eye on the purple hyacinth. Keep him alive though . Or as alive as he'll be after the fourth's throlgh with him: our spymaster is not as forgiving as i am. Zowt @lck Anp Tu8 7f Purple hy acinth. Tvh Wp You know you aren't stealthy , right? i could see you from the entrance: We didnt need to be. You know why you didnt run . Thosf Jbbge Dsh Kon L68} D!rk oops. ce1k Crwk s Ghla Th8p Th0p Did the leader finally decide to get rid of me? no this is just a reminder to complete your mission. Oh, how kind of him. what did he tel you to do? to spare only your face. Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist