now Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode ok obl zuk Tuk 7uvk Hbs/ cjlrt C;i They said they're moving the revolution up , but everything else was still super vague. boss just said we have to move everything becalse it's no longer safe to keep them here. Do you think the cops are onto something? I don't know . stop speculating and just get to work. The back ups are coming soon. aye aye, sir. Everything needs to be moved by the loading dock , got it? yes, and never mix it with normal boxes. i know the rules. There's no time to waste. dak We have to go up to the second floor. that's where our chance to find phone are. alright, we'll take the stairs. Hey march; the radio is on the fritz with this storm; il need to pop up to the roof to check the equipment no problem be careful larry . if you are not back in fifteen minutes, i'm coming up there to make sure you're okay. Why are we stuck patrolling outside in this weather? Wina vincyif everyone is stationed around street corners in small groups. That's all we can do for now . should've taken raincoats before leaving the precinct. We can't stop doing our job just becalse the weather isn't in our favor. i know. p I just hope it's a quiet night . ap zp Guard. Okay let's go. Oy This one's empty Hey look subordinate i found yolr favorite room. The archive room: Oh? let's see if the phantom sycthe is more organized than the apd. I don't see phones. Me neither Thp but wait . You hear that? thp Ahai rp I doubt we'll find a phone in that. Right, but who knows what else they're hiding 0 K jnt creak Khhz ) 7 n Dal Sup Davgl It's a police scanner they've been tracking the police's movement broadcasts? i told you before. the phantom scythe's always ahead of the police you guys really need to step up your game ahkaar dptg and They even have a police issued radio transceiver to intercept communications from our personal radios Kieran, can you disguise your voice? depends on what you need me to i know the frequency we can connect to the police radios with the radio transceiver lune is supposed to be two men so okay one thing though you'll have to be careful to not get seduced by my do clzfrs 7azoht new voice. Yeah okay that should work. Go ahead and have fun seducing the apd, sir. 0 pusy Attention . *ksshshkshs* Attention all officers of the apd. Urgent message from krshhsksh* lune repeai we are lune . for whomever receives skkssks* report We have shhhhht sskksks* le in the factory *skshhksh* inc located bzzt* oke street . we are requesting immediate assistance Lune? this is sergeant ladell Message was not received, i repeat message was not received Please repeat what is your location? Kksh Shhht. Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist