slf Yw Cudc/ Officer hallt , did you also receive the message from lune? yes, but most of it was distorted. we couldn't get much out of it . only something about a factory . alright, can you please watch the radio room while i'm gone? Il be back . this is detective march . i just received lune's message from the radio room: Ithink we got an address. I repeat message was not received. w please *crackle* isshhh. Crapi you didn't see him wake up??! 5 he pulled the wires from the groundi Sig let's go back to the office and find a phone to contact the apd directly. it's only a matter of time before the glard wakes up or someone discovers we've been here. destroy the police scanner before we leave then: ti they've been using it quite enough. On it Ml Please turn on your sound Purple hyacinth Episode Krrsshs Ifoi hoqla Krshk* stand by i repeat , all officers stand by. Shht ladell and lieutenant hawkes please report ct. Again , all officers st ll and hawkes report to the precinct . This is lieutenant hawkes requesting transport . We are at 547 jeannette street. (lilk Hawkes please report to the precinct . This is lieutenant hawkes requesting transport . cllrk Kkrssh* This weather. will fng There is something i always wanted to try in the rain . gpab Are you ready . to try with me lieutenant? x k Huh? Pvl Hahaha hahahahaha ahhahahahi h Nh Hermann speaking this is lieutenant hap hawkes. requesting transportation to the precinct . from champlain street and maple. b2ip Lieutenant hawkes , i assume you were able to hear the message from lune. i was able to hear part of it but all the crucial details were missing that seems to be the case with all the handheld radios. Our receiver in the precinct was able to pick up a stronger signal it didn't differ much . we could only get a location olt of it . The glass factory located on 73 sherbrooke street where is sergeant ladell? Ladell is tephonb yil Here too. Perfect . i' m sending a car to get you and take you there. I want you to scout out the situation and report right back to us. stay covert and don't let anybody know you' re there. understood? Yes, sir! Tonb oh Tu phon clau Hi, randall. squeze hermann wants 4s to go to the glass factory located on 73 sherbrooke street. more babysitting If you two fight again, i will crash this car. and only ill be able to jump out becalse it's locked in the backseat. why am i included in this? I only tried to steal the lamp from weird lady's hair shhhh. Just shhh. Z2h U it was kym on the other end earlier. if they come and don't know there's nitroglycerine here hlip It's going to be really bad. Yeah, lets find a phone before this place tlrns into a firework. se There's someone H ? geikef He cant shoot! sht! 0 hazs Va Baryf Shut up (hump H mt That's two to zero sinclair. didn't think you'd be so out of shape. Don't worry il have no four eyed archivist outscoring me! Seems like we've made a great deal of noise. there's more coming Tug You two are soaking wet. change out your coat. there's equipment in the trunk of the car. i was ordered to wait for you guys. uack The car will be parked in the alleyway on nill street find me there. Please dont leave me alone with himi ulft Poor guy st Dooy / That still only counts as one, love. three to one we're only getting started. dag Ux Lin The power 5k Va( I can hardly see anything Ak @ There are more guards coming. i think it's two ll Fbbs Cbff / Ti Runf Let's make it spicy: rreaders" tears co creator co creator/artist